Went here with a group of friends and saw that the place was good for groups . Very lively and nice atmosphere inside and friendly staff. The food was still sizzling when it came out and the fajitas we ordered were very tasty! All the ingredients were fresh and had great flavor. Would definitely recommend to anyone and will be back !
I always enjoy the white people spin on burritos. Everyone stared at me when I yelled I love this place. 
Delicious food, the best place to minus your hunger. Super fast service.
 This place usually hits the spot. 
 the place definitely fulfills my Chipotle cravings. 
felt like the little soufflé cups that you put ketchup in at most fastfood places. 
I only go here because it's the only nearest chipotle by CSUF and it's the only place that's considered healthy and it's fast. 
 The place is clean. 
Did I mention this place is like super stingy with their portions (not to be a fat***) . 
 But what can you expect? The food court at CSUF is absolutely terrible and this is one of the few places around that serves quality food. 
 surrounded by lots and lots of towels. 
 this place has flies flying around everywhere getting near the food and by far got the least amount of food here out of all the chipotles ive been to. 
My 3rd time coming to this place. 
 & I have never been SO upset and disappointed from leaving one of my GO-TO places. 
Don't understand some of the poor reviews since this place has a line to the door pretty much any time of the day. 
I don't come  often only cuz I can think of other places to spend less than $6 on Mex-style food. 
 I would never recommend this place to anyone anymore. 
 If you like to be treated well by the place you bring business to. 
 And when you go to a place that builds your meal like this in front of you. 
 One time I placed an online order and THEY EXCLUDED THE STEAK. 
 This place is a sloppy operations nightmare and needs to figure it out and get it together because this is just unacceptable. 
 I would have given this place a 4 stars for their food. 
 of this place. 
 I love places like this because you literally make your food how you want it done. 
 I was lucky enough to be at the right place at the right time as someone was backing up. 
I understand this place can constantly be crowded with CSUF students and all. 
 It's only been really slow once when someone was buying for her entire workplace or something (8+ items). 
 shall we?  I only count places with a drive-thru so Chipotle counts as a sit-down restaurant. 
 you can place your order online and cut the long lunch line. 
 I hate it when places close up their stuff and don't offer things just because they are near closing time. 
 every time I place an online order for this Chipotle there is always something wrong with the order. 
Anyway This place really is great. 
 they immediately place their orders. 
 The only thing that kind of sucks with this place is when a new person is working in the front and the new person takes twice as long as an experienced person. 
 Would recommend to at least try out the place. 
 place on my napkin. 
 this place can get pretty crowded with a line going almost out the door. 
