 I've told as many people as I can about this place. 
 How can you not like a place where you build you own pizza and they have everything that you could possibly want on a pizza. 
This place is by far the best new pizzeria in town. 
 pieology is the place. 
this is one of those build it yourself pizza places. 
I like to have a lot of toppings on my pizza so this place is heaven for me. 
great thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients. this place works like a subway or chipotle in that you choose your toppings as you walk down a line. good customer service, but there is a rush around dinner time so if youre planning on going during that time, it's smart to order online and pick up your pizza 
I love Pieology, especially this location. I've never had a bad experience here. The only thing that came close was the one time where the line was so long that it went around the restaurant and through the back exit door and I had to wait in line next to the ramen place next door, but that shows how good this place is. I like how you can have your pizza your way. The cinnamon dessert is also something that I highly recommend. The staff here are really courteous and helpful, the atmosphere is very chill, and parking isn't bad at all since it's in a shopping center parking lot. I definitely recommend this place. 
I like these places where everyone can get what they want. It satisfies picky eaters. And no one has to settle. Pieology is great because the toppings are unlimited. Everything was fresh, tasted great and was quickly served to our table. I love the variety of toppings and being able to get something different since it is all yours. No one would eat my all veggie pizza. 
The only complaint is the place is really loud. Chairs that scrape and squawk on a cement floor coupled with loud music and a interior with no noise reduction features, created a meal where you can't talk during the meal when it is busy. And it was busy. We pretty much hurried up and ate, which might be their goal. Get you in and out fast! 
Out of all the make your own pizza place restaurants that have spring up over the last few years, pieology is still my favorite. It doesn't have the most topping options, but the selection is still solid and the pizzas are consistently good. The crust here is also my favorite. My only complaint about this location is that it can sometimes get very loud inside. It makes it hard to hold a conversation. 
I love pieology but this place is just so packed all of the time...
Love this place!   I get what I ask for.  Staff is always friendly and ready to help. More cheese?  Just say when.  More olives? Is this enough.
Always love this place. I can customize my pizza. They also provide wheat for pizza which make my pizza more healthy. 
This place specializes in pizza and they do it really well. So don't go here thinking that their dessert menu is where their strength is at. 
$8 for an unlimited toppings pizza! Awesome value, good food, great customer service. We love this place! 
 No wonder this place has less and less people every time we come here. 
 sausage  and all the topping tasted really good way better quality than other pizza places . 
  This is a great all around pizza place I will be back to try more . 
 then sit down type of place. 
 the decor was nice and the place was spacious enough where we could just hang. 
 Pieology is definitely a favorite place to eat. 
 The place was pretty clean with plenty of seating inside. 
I like this place a loooooooot. 
There aren't any other pizza places too close by so this is a good location for something that is delicious and inexpensive. 
Also the place has terrible acoustics. 
 sound is bouncing all over this place. 
The only complaint is the place is really loud. 
Good food - loud place. 
Great place for a quick custom pizza. 
 All in all a great place to eat. 
 and what competing places couldn't replicate. 
 Everyone is pretty nice and the place is pretty clean. 
 It's a great place to eat. 
Of all the "DIY" pizza places I have been to--including Social Life Pizza. 
 making the crust soggy--whereas we've had soggier pizzas at some of the other places. 
I absolutely love this place. 
They moved pretty fast for a place where every pizza is made exactly to order. 
So the concept of this place is just like Chipotle or Subway. 
 its kind of like the Chipotle style Pizza place. 
A better place to go is The Pizza Press just a few blocks away
 Have been coming back to this place and will continue to in the future. 
- the taste of the food is better than other places I've been
 I prefer this place a little more. 
I've tried similar places to pieology and I still believe that this place wins. 
 I thought it was just another pizza place. 
 Like what is so special about this place? Why the long line all the time? What in the heck are they putting in that dough. 
Now I would rate this place more like 4. 
 this place is great. 
 Just expect this pizza place to be booming everywhere and if I had the money. 
 and we didn't have trouble finding a place to seat either. 
I was so anxious to try the place out. 
  Anyone who loves having the ability to customize their food will fall in love with this place. 
  If you are a fan of thick crust pizza then this may not be the place for you . 
) the place continues to grow in popularity which is nice to see as they are still my favorite of the bunch. 
  A definite 5 star place in my opinion if there ever were one. 
Thanks to all the fabulous reviews on Yelp for this place. 
 do NOT put this place on top of your list. 
I would recommend this place and I'll definitely come back. 
Great place. 
Well I don't know what else needs to be said about this place other than it is awesome. 
I still trip out how this place lets me pile on the ingredients. 
This is definitely going to be one of my go to lunch places in the area. 
 clean up the damn place. 
 and you can't deny the success of pieology when other pizza places copy it's formula. 
 I actually enjoyed this place before. 
This place was absolutely perfect for me and my man. 
 it strikes me as odd that a place that makes pizzas to order would serve prepackaged side salads. 
 If you have special diet needs then this is the place for you. 
  If you are looking for a health conscious pizza then I guess this is your place. 
 I can see how this place is golden after eating top ramen all week. 
 I think this is who this place is for. 
But if you are looking for a pizza tasting pizza then I would recommend going to a traditional pizza place to avoid the disappointment. 
 There are too many other rocking pizza places nearby to come back here. 
 this is a pizza place? Ohhhh ok. 
I would recommend trying this place at least once to see what you think. 
This place is only 10 mins away from me. 
  This place is just too busy sometimes. 
  I would've given this place 4 stars BUT the staff really did make this a 5 star place. 
 I give this place a 5. 
What makes this different from your regular old pizza place is the fact that you can create your own pizza for a flat price. 
 there was some downfall to this place. 
I like to call Pieology a fun pizza place:
 this has happened at other places. 
 I guess this place is only as good as your pizza customizing skills. 
 I love this place. 
 so it's not really a place to go with folks to grab a pie and watch a game. 
 just like this place which kind of re-invents a very old food concept. 
 I had a "Roman" pizza at a tiny place around the corner from the Vatican. 
  The place was packed at noon on a Mon. 
  This place is about a 15 min drive from work and well worth it. 
I love this place. 
 this place rocks. 
This is not a gourmet pizza place. 
  The idea is catching on with other places like Blaze Pizza at the UTC at UCI. 
If you havent tried this place. 
My sis-in-law and her family love this place so when we were visiting Fullerton. 
When my friend told me about this place. 
Seating might be a little problem because this place can get pretty busy. 
 this place is worth a try as its uniqueness. 
 if you need your quiet time during a romantic dinner this is NOT the place for you. 
Drinks: The good thing about these type of places is that the food can taste good or bad. 
 Another place added to my list of awesome places to eat at while in Brea. 
  Try out this place if you like pizza and unique eats. 
Of course the thing that lured me into this place was garlic. 
Environment: 
What I like about this place is if you get bored you can always try new stuff by making crazy combinations of pizzas. 
I feel like people who are under "certain influences" (lol) *wink wink* will  dig like this place 'cause they can put EVERYTHING on their pizza and BLOW THEIR MIND AWAY at the concept. 
 the place can get packed around lunch time. 
It was still a very good pizza and better than most other places. 
The place is clean. 
 I love this place. 
i was super excited to try this place out
I don't know if it was the toppings that I picked or my unusual high hope for this place . 
 it would be a waste to pass up this place. 
I'm always craving pizza and what's better than a place where you choose your own toppings. 
?  This place feels and looks a lot like Chipotle and not in a bad way. 
  It's kind of a loud environment and seating is very limited so it's probably better for smaller groups. 
 if you're curious and you like to try different toppings -- please check this place out. 
 you can't really find better place than this. 
 that seems commonplace nowadays. 
Clean place. 
I really like this place. 
 clean place to eat . 
Definitely my go-to pizza place. 
 and coming from a place like this. 
One caveat: This place doesn't have the best acoustics. 
 yup this is the place to go. 
  I usually hate pizza places because I hate waiting 20-30 min. 
It can get a bit loud inside the place if you're eating in because of the metal chairs. 
echo-ey environment. 
 This place was very loud and full of screaming kids. 
I love this place - it's so innovative. 
Definitely will be  frequenting this place since it's such a good deal. 
 this place is just like a Chipotle for pizza. 
The place was packed . 
I used the 10% off yelp deal when I checked into this place as long as I bought a drink so it was all good. 
Only bad thing is the parking since there's a buncha other places here. 
 Definitely worth coming here to try this awesome place. 
Once you place your order. 
 Maybe that's why places like Subway. 
Realized i've been to a place similar (PizzaRev) and found out this was the original quick order pizza joint. 
By Chipotle of pizza places. 
 and toppings to place on a pre-made. 
 The place is clean and neat. 
 this is the place. 
I'm so happy to have finally tried this place. 
The place was super packed and I thought I'd never get my food. 
 I am DEFINITELY going to be coming back to this place soon. 
 This place has a doctorate in making pie. 
~5 Star Service: This place has "Sam the Man. 
another reason the OC is the best place to live. 
 this place is pretty good. 
  Ill continue to patron this place over and over. 
This is not a place for date night. 
 however: How is it possible to have a pizza place and not have beer?  It just seems wrong to me. 
