 always friendly and the kind of place that remembers your order from your previous visit. 
I ate in this place and the experience was really good. 
The place is located in a small shopping center so it has free parking. 
Great place to get PHO. 
 If your looking for a place with fresh ingredients. 
The pho is amazing... N1 pho combo! The tender is the best I've had. They have wine here!.. a gem in the wall i love this place. 
Overall expeirence there was ok. They have a very nice atmosphere and their service is very good. However I had the spring roll as an appetizer with noodle soup with rare beef, brisket and tendon. Compared to other places the soup was good however they give you very little tendon. The spring rolls had a very powerful taste and the sauce they had with it was not very tasty either. Above all else it was expensive for what you got compared to others. So for overall I would say that the service was really great and they had such a beautiful atmosphere however they do need improving on quality of food and the price 
Great place! This restaurant is really beautiful and calm inside. The staff is friendly and cheerful. The food is really fresh and yummy!
For appertizer, I ordered a dish of spring rolls.  It was very fresh and tasty!  For main dish, I had pho number 1 large bowl.  The soup was so good that I drank it all!  Unlike other pho places, the meat here is all fillet mignon and fresh. The Thai tea was excellent too.  The total price was reasonable.  I was filled up and totally satisfied.
  It's next to a Thai place at the corner. 
 Most places give 5 to 6 slices in a bowl. 
If you're in the area for lunch and looking for some pho I would recommend this place. 
 The soup is served hot unlike other pho places I've been to. 
Plenty of other places to go in the area. 
 My boyfriend and I love this since ordering a side of egg rolls or spring rolls is usually around $4 most places. 
 It's not super salty like most places. 
 Pho Olivia is the place to go. 
  It is a good place to take friends and family. 
 this place can easily be a replacement for the Brea. 
 this is your go-to place. 
 even though I insisted I just didn't want it and didn't want it replaced since I lost my appetite. 
 especially considering my girlfriend loves Pho and theres not many good places around here for Pho. 
 I will definitely not be coming back to this place. 
 the place is small. 
 easy place to visit on a casual evening. 
 this pho place is a little more pricier than most places. 
Their pho tai chin is my usual at this place and all pho places. 
 Since there are so many other pho places in the area idk if I will be going back. 
 and this place was perfect. 
I always felt that this place is overpriced . 
the reason why I am giving 2 stars and never going back to this place again is they charged plates for onions I requested. 
 price is already expensive than other places and now they starting to charge onions. 
  (normally other places won't charge onions and their pho usually runs 6~7 dollars. 
This place average food price is $9~$10. 
My bf ordered the BBQ pork rice under my recommendation cause no place that claims to be vietnamese can mess up that grilled pork with the tasty fish sauce drizzle. 
Pho Olivia's ratings on yelp is better than pretty much all the other places so they're doing something right. 
The place was a little warm when we walked in . 
Anyway this place did an amazing job to cure my hangover and also created a great eating experience with quality food. 
I wish this place was closer to me since I live in irvine. 
 I rarely ever find myself hungover near Fullerton so I have not had my chance to trek back to this place. 
But I am definitely planning on dragging some friends with me so I can experience this place for the 2nd time. 
 I am making my trip out to this place whenever I get a chance :) So I just added another star to make it 5 starssss. 
 SO if youre gonna check this place out. 
 Some of the surrounding restaurants in Fullerton can be so depressing lol. 
 I'm usually exceptionally thirsty after I eat any pho place. 
Give this place a try. 
 When I brought up the multiple issues surrounding our experience all she could offer were apologies. 
 and the explanation of people wanting a relaxing environment and enjoy dinner. 
 Do not go to this place if you are expecting a fast (normal) served pho restaurant because that is not what you will receive. 
 You receive a friendlier environment at any other food restaurant. 
The place looks very nice and the people that work here are very polite and offer a great service. 
 there is one thing that make me rate this nice place with one star and it's the flavor of the pho it's just works than an instant Maruchan soup. 
 For the price I paid here I could go to Pho 45 at Garden Grove (excellent place) and eat twice and with a real pho taste. 
Guys you got a nice place here just find better cooks. 
Atmosphere was odd for a pho place. 
 very Americanized place that serves decent Pho . 
My one gripe about this place though is the fact that they play Adele - over and over and over and over again. 
 I always feel I pay too much and get too little food at this place and their sister restaurant. 
The place is very nicely decorated and the servers are nice and friendly. 
The waiter placed the water on the table and I immediately took a large gulp--and the water was super salty. 
 This place is about 10 mins from our spot so we are glad that we can go here than heading to our other fave spot. 
 For a place that has Pho in their name. 
 Meat was slightly thicker than other pho places I've been to. 
 It was missing a certain flavor that other pho places had. 
It's an average pho place. 
 as I thought the large which costs more than other places wasn't that big and I wasn't fully satisfied. 
No wonder why this place is always empty with only a few customers at a time. 
 though my boyfriend was really excited about the fact that they had a few more kinds of pho than most places. 
  Most other places. 
 I should only rate this place for the food. 
The price was almost $1 more than many places in Little Saigon. 
 I will pass this place next time when I am in the area. 
 The place is clean. 
 I've had pho enough times to know that this place was overpriced and underflavored. 
 I've never seen a pho place charge that much. 
 I don't think very many places serve that special dish. 
 Fullerton's got a awesome Pho place in the area. 
 Perfect place to go when you had a night of partying. 
 probably the best place for Pho in Fullerton. 
I'm gonna take you to a place where I know you're gonna like
And she pulls up to this place that's Vietnamese. 
We enter this place. 
 I don't think you'll find a place around here that will give you better quality for such a reasonable price. 
 love this place. 
I ordered a small pho with rare beef and it was absolutely delicious :) This place certainly satisfied my craving. 
 I'll for sure be coming back to this place next time I crave pho while at school. 
 At first glance the bowl is rather small comparatively to other pho places especially for a large" . 
Its not bad for being one of the only Pho places in Fullerton BUT I think I might just wait till I'm back down in Garden Grove for some real Pho :)
My friends & I frequent this place a lot for it's good food and friendly. 
This place is like a magic door that takes you from the ghetto plaza that it's in (. 
 besides being a pleasant environment to dine in. 
  So if you guys can recommend a good "dirty" Pho place. 
the place was neat and clean too. 
  i've been to my share of pho places where the environment made me question whether i should be eating there. 
  It's not like the place was empty. 
" because the only person working in the place at that time had his headphones on. 
 and this place is just very average. 
   I always have the pho soup whenever I go to Vietnamese places. 
 so guess what I had at this place?. 
 even large was much smaller than other pho places (It's a good thing I ordered large. 
never had to do that at any pho places before. 
  What is up with this place??
  With all these pho places in the area. 
 I will definitely NOT go back to this place even for free. 
 I do not trust this place anymore. 
 I'm just going to have to find another place to go to now. 
Love love love this place. 
Of note compared to other places around here. 
  Expect to pay 1-2$ more than the other pho places in Fullerton which means like 4-5$ more than in Westminister. 
 be prepared to pay a little more than the other places. 
I would recommend this place for their rice plates. 
Wasn't expecting much from service since Pho places aren't known for greeeeat service you know? . 
Won't be coming back here or ever recommending this place everrrr again. 
  It doesn't taste overly salty like other places. 
 their prices are higher than other Pho places. 
 I can recommend this place for a fine dining experience. 
This place is really good. 
 and got a look around the place. 
Overall I really like this place so far. 
 The place was pretty busy and there was basically only about two people serving the entire restaurant while I'm sure the rest of the crew were in the kitchen making all the orders. 
 There was even one occasion where one customer was nagging one of the employees about her order despite the fact that the place was pretty busy. 
 that's because normally when I go out for food I go to where my friends are which is other parts of Fullerton and the surrounding cities. 
 and other pho places). 
 Most of the vietnamese places I've been to is the 6 dollar range. 
Service like all Pho places was fast. 
  Will probably opt for a dirtier place for better food next time. 
) very different from the "average" pho place with yellow lights and plastic cups. 
10 Only a dollar more expensive than most pho places (my large pho tai chin was only about $7. 
49) which makes this place seem so cheap when you take into account everything else. 
 And their large is indeed a large same size as most pho places. 
 I felt compelled because this place is so good. 
 moved to Long Beach and tried another place once (which didn't even compare) in the 4 months I was there. 
 I have friends who have said repeatedly how much they love this place. 
 come to visit and of all the yummy places to eat. 
 Bottom line (if you didn't get it from my previous paragraphs) THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. 
 An all around great place to have a meal. 
I'm open to suggestions of "better" places. 
 pho places don't normally look this nice. 
 figure to try this place because it was so close. 
 a thirty minute drive to this place for a delicious bowl of pho once or twice a week is truly worth the drive. 
 I did enjoy this place. 
 This place took about 45 minutes and there was no one else besides my friend and I at this point. 
 it's a good local place with good food and the restaurant was clean. 
 I compare this to other pho places I've been. 
 and the decor of the place was really nice. 
The place was clean and modern - Very unassuming from the outside. 
 There are plenty of 50% off Pho places that have the same broth that I can get so NO I'm sorry this was utter fail. 
 until I get confirmation I'll stick to making it at home or going to a 50% off place if I'm in a pinch. 
 most places still use beef broth even if you order it "vegetarian"). 
 I love this place & will definitely keep coming back. 
 I sure do love a place with good service. 
 This is my new Pho place and I will be going frequently. 
I expected more from a Pho place. 
 this is the worst Vietnamese place I have ever been. 
 (I am viet and I been to many places ) But this eh. 
 my experienced friends even agree its one of the best Pho places around. 
and this place is REALLY GOOD. 
It's definitely comparable to a lot of pho places out in Westminster. 
  Most of the pho places I've been to seem to have thin. 
The pho here was about $1 more than many of the places I've been. 
 I'd pay the extra buck just for the sheer ambiance of this place. 
 You're noodles are placed in a bowl. 
 And it's the cutest cleanest pho place i've ever been. 
 Everything was $1-3 more than pho places in Garden Grove. 
 or even at other pho places that popped up around here recently (Pho Ellie. 
