I came here out of curiosity at first, and now it's one of my more regular places to eat. The location and atmosphere is interesting and pleasant, the service is good, and of course the pizza is delicious. With plenty of choices and the ability to create your own pizza for a great price, this makes coming back to try different combinations utterly worth it. That being said, if there is one thing I'm not sold on, it's the way the pizza is given to the customer if you don't ask for a to-go box. The pizza is placed on a wooden peel after it is cooked (a wooden peel is basically a flat wooden board with tapered sides and a handle that's usually used to stick certain types of pizza into an oven) and the customer is given that to use as the plate.  While it does look rather stylish and is pretty unique, this truthfully just comes off as clunky at best and really awkward to carry at worst. Not only do you have to worry about potentially dropping it or mosquitoes from outside, but this also means the pizza itself is getting colder faster. Plus it also makes getting a drink if your alone much more difficult since you either have to worry about dropping it while getting a drink or leaving it back at your table where anyone could take it/touch it. It's never happened yet, but  weird things do happen. Maybe this is supposed to be environmentally friendly or something, but Needless to say, I always ask for a to-go box. Overall, a great place for quick and delicious pizza, with a rather odd and awkward bit that I'm not sold on.
Cool pizza place. You can get whatever toppings you want for $8.50. I tried the Herald pizza. It was very good. They have good variety of beer on tap.
I love the feel of his place. It is like you are in a early 1900's factory. The great thing is you don't have to worry about getting injured or something. It did smell pizza in there. 
I'm hoping that this place doesn't fall victim to the curse of this location because the pizza is amazing and the customer service is unbelievable! I'm not the biggest beer guy either, but damn they have some good beer and a huge selection
The Pizza Press is very similar to other thin crust build your own pizza places. However I like the cooking method used at the Pizza Press more than other restaurants. At The Pizza Press each pizza is put through a conveyor oven individually, this results in a less greasy pizza. 
My wife and I really like this place. There are very helpful with her gluten allergy, and the pizza is great. I love their beer selection! It is very eclectic, this is the place to find a rare beer on tap...or coldbrew.
 Highly recommend this place. 
 We like blaze and pieology so we thought we give this place a try. 
 Pizza Press places their pizza in a conveyor belt oven rather than the usual stone fire oven other pizza places offer. 
 here is the place. 
  None of the other Build Your Own Pizza places have a draft IPA Selection like they do. 
 I would not go out of my way for this place. 
 I typically think the chicken is too dry as a topping at most build-your-own pizza places. 
 Each time I placed my hand the bottom of the pizza slice I didn't get grease all over. 
My first impression when I walked in was that the place was small. 
 I've come to learn that the quality of these build your own pizza places are very subjective. 
  I can see that this place probably gets pretty busy during the school year. 
This place is located in small plaza with which which. 
 They place your pizza in this oven. 
 Plenty of seats even for a small place. 
 This place also opens late and sells beer. 
It's kind of interesting that this particular pizza place chose not to use a pizza oven. 
Considering you only go to a particular pizza place for their crust. 
 then I would have to say that this place. 
The pizza process is similar to places like Blaze or Pieology: pick a premade pizza or "publish your own. 
 I liked the crust here  because it came out golden brown and not overly charred like other places. 
 part of the problem was because the place was so loud. 
 I think this place would do great for the quick bite crowd for the CSU Fullerton crowd. 
 I'm actually a vegetarian as of the recent few months and this place still delivers with an unrivaled high quality cheeses and veggies. 
 I dare you to find another place this late that rivals them in quality and freshness. 
 I posted pictures of the most recent draft list and I always appreciate a place that offers good beer to complement pizza. 
# Another fast casual pizza place. 
 I'd seek out a different fast casual pizza place if I had other choices (which I do). 
 this and the unlimited topping pizza place at Bella Terra are my two favorites when it comes to this style of being served. 
Very good pizza for a place that is competing with several pizza chains in the area. 
 Place closes at midnight which is nice for the college students who study late. 
There isn't much downside really to this place. 
Loved the ambience of the place. 
Couple things that I disliked about the place: 
 Other places use ceramic ovens and each pizza has its individual amount of time to be cooked. 
What makes this place so good is that it is so fresh and you can taste the quality. 
The place looks good. 
 Nice design and a comfortable environment for everyone. 
I see this place getting more popular and just to handle a larger crowd. 
But how this place beats out Pieology and Blaze is is the cheese is put on better and tastes better. 
 The cheese isn't just thrown on like other places . 
 the cheese here is more compact and well places so it doesn't fall off. 
Plus their crust here is better than other places. 
 I'd definitely come here before some of the other "subway-pizza" places only because their craft beer list looked on point
 he carefully peeled the already tiny bits of layers and slowly placed the even more tiny pieces on my pizza. 
 then you will love this place. 
 i really have no lingering feeling to return to this place. 
 you are greeted with probably one of the most upscale environments that I have ever seen in a "fast casual" establishment. 
The Pizza Press is affordable for a place with such a hipster vibe -- $8 for a single pizza. 
 The place also serves those craft beers that everyone keeps talking about and some cool sodas. 
It's a nice place to chill and get buzzed with a couple of friends. 
 This place deserves all the stars Yelp can give them. 
 I'll stick to other pizza places around Fullerton. 
 This place is definitely not for the lactose intolerant. 
 I love the interior design of this place too. 
 this place definitely worth the try. 
 quality ingredients in their food which definitely stands out against places like Blaze Pizza and Pizza Studio. 
It's a great place for vegetarians or picky eaters because you can easily customize your pizza AND you're watching them do it. 
I would recommend this place to everyone. 
 The actual toppings didn't seem all that different from other similar places. 
I didn't see this place any different from other competitors. 
 they have a lot more toppings and sauce options that other places don't have (corn. 
 which other build your own pizza places struggle with. 
