Great place to grab sandwiches if you're not eating at a restaurant . 
 good sandwiches and good prices make this a great place for a quick lunch. 
Normal place to eat. 
 perfect place to go if you need something quick and good. 
This place is so close that you could grab a sandwich quick before going to Disneyland to take it in and enjoy or after you leave the park. 
Good place to get a sub and back to your hotel and eat or take it into disney. 
 Perfect place to eat when you don't want to eat a heavy meal. 
 this is a Great place to Eat Fresh. 
 Place was clean and the staff was nice and friendly. 
 this is the place . 
 this place deserves a mention because it's crazy busy and the service is still efficient and friendly. 
 There wasn't enough places for people to sit down. 
 so this is a good inexpensive place for the family to eat healthy. 
Great place to grab sandwiches if you're not eating at a restaurant . 
 good sandwiches and good prices make this a great place for a quick lunch. 
This place is 24 hours which is great. Service can be a hit or miss depending on what time you go and who is helping you
Good place, I go there at least a few times a week. I like their soup too (i know, subway soup). They make subs good!
I go here almost every friday for the Tuna deal they have. Its the closest from my work and easy to deal with since you can order through the app. Most times ive picked up through the app there were things off about the sandwich (ill get extra ingredients or things are missing, the directions werent followed as closely etc). Today, Jasmine did my order, and it was a great sandwich. Her attention to detail was on spot and she even wrapped my sandwich twice without requesting (never even thought of that. I always have a problem with the juices leaking over time). In general this place is pretty good and their indoor facility is clean and usually quick when they are a little busy. I dont expect perfection with the app orders most times anyway but Jasmine really went above and beyond today. 
A good place.When all ingredients were in place I asked for the Sweet Onion sauce and for a little on each half of the sandwich. 
It's an ok place. 
 not enough for me to write off the place though. 
  I have more horror stories from this place . 
 this place is amazing. 
The real star of this place is the soda machine. 
