This was my family's first time to this ramen place. 
 That's an issue with some of the ramen places I've been to before. 
This is a small place near Cal State Fullerton. 
 This is the type of place that you would find in the small towns of Japan. 
 then you will really like this place. 
 This place. 
 I found them to be the most popular of ramen places in a 20 miles radius (even though there's only two others). 
I always pass by and thought it was just a pay up front place and when we walked in. 
The place is tiny. 
 Located next door to Pieology is this ramen place. 
 I can't say that this is the first place I'll think of for ramen. 
I have been looking for a good Ramen place since the one in San Diego closed. 
 I was told that it has been just six months this place was opened. 
I love this place. It has good ramen and the service and prices are fair. Come in during lunch for lunch special. 
This place is always great. The broth is great and rich, the pork is tender, and the staff is super friendly. 
Probably the best Ramen place around. Super Dry Draft is the choice of beer here. 
Sensei approves.  Best place for a quick meal or awesome alcohol.
They have excellent food. This is my favorite ramen place.... i eat here regularly and have not been disappointed. 5/5 would reccomend to anyone... must stop by if youre in fullerton and looking for authentic Japanese food 
Comfort food! Ramen! So good! Small place and a lot of people go here, so waiting time can be 30mis or more before you get seated.  After finishing your food dont stay long because alot of people is waiting to take your seat. I go here late dinner time to avoid crowd. Most of the time i order for to go if there is a line and crowded.. yes they serve alcohol here!
Aka ramen with takoyaki!. Their spicy miso base is really good. This place does get crowded during school year for lunch as it's very close to CSU Fullerton; so be prepared to wait.
Went here with my girlfriend for lunch. We paid $25 for two and were both able to get a nice sized bowl of Shoyu with gyoza and pork fried rice on the side. My girlfriend did the social media challenge was able to get enough likes to get us a free side of noodles, which were greatly appreciated. This place is always crowded but we got lucky and sat at the bar. Service was was and we were in and out within 45 minutes. Definitely the best place for Ramen near CSUF.
Excellent service and excellent food. The Ramen reminds of the time I visited a Shop during a brief visit in Tokyo, Japan.  The Cha Ramen and the creamy, delicious broth continues to be one of my favorites.  I don't have a least favorite with this place as every thing I have eaten at What's Up Men is excellent. 
Good food and environment.  Upbeat atmosphere.  Ramen never disappoints.
The ramen is ok. I think their side dishes or appetizers are better. Place is open late since it's near cal state Fullerton university. The broth is good but not enough cha shu. They serve beer too.
Service is very friendly and the place is very clean. 
I really do like this place. 
 its not one of my favorite ramen places. 
 that seems to be the consensus among all of the non-chain ramen places I've tried. 
I prefer this place over Kopan Ramen because the prices are better and you don't have to order every ingredient separately. 
 this place has pretty good noodles and their Takoyaki was pretty good. 
I think there are better ramen places (better taste and slightly cheaper) if you go towards LA. 
I have found a new ramen place I have fallen in love with. 
 this place is always the first ramen restaurant that pop out in my mind. 
 this place is just too good. 
 It wasn't too salty like other places and the spicy miso was very flavorful. 
First off i thought this was some speed dating place. 
This place is soo much better than ajisen . 
 this place is solid & I could definitely come back. 
 the place wasn't full and we were ushered to a table inside right away. 
 to be honest I found this place to be incredibly average. 
 Since it's a ramen place. 
COMBO DOES NOT COME WITH EGG AT THIS PLACE and they charge you a dollar for one egg. 
 a great place to go for comfort food especially they open late. 
 Great place. 
 it was nice that this place was open until 1. 
 I was excited after reading some reviews about this place. 
I walked in and this place was fully packed with a lot of people so I had good expectations for this place. 
 that's more of a luxury at ramen places for them to get it perfectly soft boiled. 
 Every ramen place I've been too. 
 overall I think this place has good potential for growth. 
 I could see my self giving this place 4 stars. 
 this place is good if you are craving ramen and don't want to wait too long for your food. 
Review:  This place was good. 
  This place was pretty good ramen. 
 I'm giving it a 4-star cause I'm comparing it to other Ramen places that I've been to like Ippudo and Totoramen which are both from NYC. 
I'm surprised that a place that prices about $8 a bowl is this good. 
 At first we weren't sure if they'd be cool about us sharing a ramen because we have been to a place where they charged extra to share a bowl. 
 I was actually sort of disappointed because a lot of people I know like this place. 
 check this place out. 
Place is small waiting list . 
 It would be nice if the place were bigger. 
 then it is surrounded by a few college campuses which is understanding. 
Small place with bar seating. 
I really like this place. 
 Usually at ramen places they ask for the firmness of the noodle. 
 this place takes chances. 
 Who doesn't put squid on top of takoyaki? The gall of some places
 this place is the only option for ramen. 
 another mediocre ramen place. 
 I love this place. 
This place is highly recommended. 
I don't regret coming here because I love trying new ramen places. 
 I for sure prefer going to Shinsengumi or Daikokuya over this place. 
 it was below 40 degrees outside and everyone in Fullerton wanted ramen because the lines at all the ramen places were out the door. 
