 Great service. 
 Staff at Subway was friendly and fast. 
Attentive staff. 
We have 4 kids and the staff was very patient and efficient when the kids ordered their sandwiches. 
Prompt service. 
 I did this twice and the food was great and service. 
Grabbed lunch here and the manager and staff were really friendly. 
 The staff was very friendly and were neat and quick at making the sandwich. 
We had Subway meals several times during our visit and the staff were friendly and efficient. 
 The staff handled the crowd really well and we didn't have to wait that long. 
It's a decent subway with little not so happy staff. 
 Friendly staff and good food at reasonable prices. 
 The staff was friendly and efficient. 
 Quick service. 
 Service and food were good. 
 Quick service. 
Staff was very personable and quick service. 
The staff were very friendly. 
This location is open 24hours and it has a friendly staff. 
Staff is fantastic ~ getting customers thru at lightning speed. 
The staff were friendly. 
 Place was clean and the staff was nice and friendly. 
 The service was quick and the prices were just like home. 
 Good quick service and regular prices. 
This subway was excellent it saw 24 hours open just across our hotel desert Palm hotels the service was fantastic food was great
 The food was always good and the service (once we hot used to the American way of doing things and the different menu) was always. 
 no problem with service. 
 Get a coupon in a map brochure at the front desk. 
We visited the Subway Sandwich shop and the staff was very polite. 
 this place deserves a mention because it's crazy busy and the service is still efficient and friendly. 
 the quality was as it should have Ben and the staff were fantastic. 
Friendly service and fresh food. 
Only drawback was slow service. 
This is one of the best subways it was next to are hotel which was great and the service was great it was busy . 
 Great service. 
 Staff at Subway was friendly and fast. 
Attentive staff. 
We have 4 kids and the staff was very patient and efficient when the kids ordered their sandwiches. 
Prompt service. 
