Best KBBQ! Excellent service, and excellent food! Dinner AYCE is $23 but it's definitely worth it! Used to eat at Gen Korean BBQ but this one beats it. Definitely give this place a try, wait might be long though 
One of the best AYCE korean BBQ places.  Clean space, severs friendly and the meat is delicious!  This place can get a bit loud so don't expect to have quiet and sweet romantic moments.  This place is about stuffing your face with some darn good Korean BBQ!  Wait can be very long, but you can't blame them for being popular it just means the food is good.  They do give you a buzzer with a number so you can sit in the car or walk a max distance of 1 mile away (this is according to the severs I did not test it).  If it is your birthday let them know and be prepared to get embarrassed.
One of my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ spots. Great for lunch and dinner. The quality of food and service is excellent. 
Best KBBQ from San Diego until you reach LA, irregardless of AYCE or not.  You don't even have to order premium, the original is just as quality.  #6 Mr BBQ on the original is very similar to the premium short ribs.  What's also great is they have Kids prices 5-10 year old $9.99 lunch and $13.99 dinner.
Cheap and yummy. Even though you need to wait (maybe a long time), cause you can play cards when u wait!( TIP: if you don't want to wait, go 5.pm if you want dinner, and go 10.am if you go to lunch. Lunch is much cheaper.)
Great food.. go here hungry, ask for as much as you want don't be scared.. :) always busy.. 
My new favorite AYCE KBBQ spot. We came at 6pm on a Thursday night, and the wait was about 35 minutes. By 6:30, the wait was about an hour. The service was the best I've ever received at a KBBQ restaurant. The servers were quick and friendly. I loved it! The server even brought out a kids tray for my son. So kid-friendly! The sides were all so good, and there were plenty of different sides. The meat was also some of the best that I've ever tried! I also enjoyed the small scoop of mint and chip ice cream at the end. It was the perfect way to end the meal. I'll be returning here often!The BEST KBBQ place around. Hands down. The food is delicious, they give you plenty of appetizers and don’t mind refilling them. When I asked for a lot of rice paper, guess what? They brought a ton of rice paper and kept me filled up  the whole time I was there. Most of the time, I didn’t even need to mention that I was running out and they would bring more.
There is usually a long wait for a table here. Sometimes over an hour depending on your party size, but it’s well worth the wait over any of the other Korean BBQ places in the Orange County area. And they somehow manage to do it while being an all you can eat place.
They are always so courteous, the employees seem like they enjoy working here, and it show in their excellent customer service and willingness to go above and beyond for their patrons.
I highly recommend this restaurant to any lovers of Korean BBQ or anyone who wants a meal with a smile or just a lot of food.
Over-rated... the price is comparable with most Korean BBQ in the area. The food is greatly good and the service is excellent. 
The problem I have with this place is the extremely loud, and very bright atmosphere. Kids screaming and running around wow... dangerous.
Quality of meat and service makes this Korean bbq a good time. Went with a party of six and we enjoyed almost every cut of meat from pork cheek to filet. Beer is good but they lose a star for surrounding us with tv's like this is a sports bar.
Really good near quality meat and a large selection of sides. We were recommended the marinated sirloin, which was very tender and delicious. There's no button, but the staff are very attentive. Not a fan of the birthday vuvuzela though; it was really loud and annoying. 
The facility is modern and clean.  They definitely strive for an entertaining atmosphere with great customer service.  All the servers were very nice... Looks like they hire primarily students.  There were plenty of TVs so that anywhere you sit you could see one.
The meat selection is very good.  The quality of meat is excellent.  In addition the portion size is larger than other places.  The marinated meats are all excellent also.  Side dishes good too.  I really can't find a fault in the food.
It was somebody's birthday and they change the music in the restaurant and all the servers come out in sing.  Loud and fun.
The only negative to the whole experience is parking.  We came at an odd time so easy to find parking.  However if you come at a normal time, there is usually no parking and no other easy parking close by.
Great ayce korean bbq, fun for the whole family
The Best Korean BBQ in Fullerton. Good place for party.
Pretty good options. Last call is a little too early for me (945p)
i can't quite comprehend how mr. bbq is able to go from 5 stars to 1 star in a little more than a year but it did.
Not sure why the reviews are so high. There are much better options in the area
Long wait on busy days but worth it! Went with 4 other people and got the combo 2 for $99+ soooo much food! Good but really filling, better to get the individual plates.
This place is kinda ridiculously funny. Food is good. And the atmosphere is hilarious with tons of fun and activity and music going off to celebrate people's birthdays and clubby neon lighting. Food is good here, so the other stuff is just funny and entertaining 
High quality meats and sides. Gotta try the spicy squid.
Mr BBQ is amazing. Their service is outstanding. Sometimes you have to wait to be seated but it's worth it!
This place is great for an ayce place. Came here around 830- 9 and had to wait til 10 before getting a spot.
One of the best kbbq places I've been to.
Food was great, service was even better. Our waiter brought us two free dishes to try out, and it was a good amount of food, even for 8 people. I would definitely be back
Great place, reminder call in ahead to see if there a lots of birthday party. Came on a day where there were 15 birthday. It took two hour to get in and seated 
This is the best Korean BBQ place i ve been so far.  Food was very fresh and meat was tender.  I will defintely come back again if i were in the area.