Had such a great experience.  Was my first time and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The TV's were on without overpowering the bar seating.  The garlic knots make a great appetizer.
Very slow service, regardless of how good the food is; there has to be a balance between service and quality and they do not have that.
Blackened Santa Fe Chicken salad was to die for! So good! Plus the service was amazing!
Nice pizza place. Good food,  good beer. Definitely going back!
The pizza is pretty good but the sandwiches are a little disappointing. The food is a bit on the pricier side for dinner, but they have good lunch specials.
I've had Oggi's dine in and delivery and in both instances the food was great. Fast seating times and accurate delivery estimates make ordering a breeze. They have more than just pizza, but you'll come here for pizza.
Try the house Amber Ale and look out for Happy Hour specials.
delicious food, good beer selection and great service! i love coming here!
Parking available in the parking garage, plus Oggi's will validate your parking (making it free). Every wall has multiple TVs, including in the dining areas. If you're a fan of cheese I recommend getting a March Madness pizza with pepperoni and pineapple.
Had the chance to stop by Oggis last night and had a great time. They have awesome daily and happy hour specials and they don't skimp on their food portions too. If you like cheese fries check theirs out for happy hour. It will definitely fill you up. Oggis also has their own brews which is pretty neat. It's nice to see a brewery who focuses on traditional styles and does not lean on smoke and mirrors in their beer. "I'm calling you at barrel aged, nitro, wild,  and other hoopla people add to beer when it is not really necessary." They have ample space and fit a group of 15 on short notice with no problem. You get college students, professors, and locals at this spot. Service was a tad slow, but other than that no complaints!
Love every aspect of this place....service, food and atmosphere. I am at Oggis Fullerton regularly and have never had a bad meal there. All of their menu is amazing. 
Excellent service and quality ingredients. the pizza is very good. The drafts selection is just as good. I was not impressed by the lettuce wraps: got peanuts and not cashews, sesame oil and mustard not enough as sauces, missing something a bit tastier. the chicken required more chives and to be cut into smaller more manageable pieces.
My first time there they have really good pizza and ranch. I've found my new pizza spot.
My wife and I love this place, good pizza, great beer, staff make us feel welcome...  would like to give 5 stars, but parking is a problem.
This is a cool spot. Kinda like a BJ's.
The beer is good here.
Bad slow service. Had event here, took too long to receive food and beer.
Just had a hamburger here and got food poisoned....So good luck!