Great Panera Location, and one of the top 3 that I have been to overall. My favorite meal here by far is a "White Cheddar Steak Panini", and as an honorable mention "Thai Chicken Ceasar Salad". Give them a try next time you're in. I've never waited to be served longer then 5 minutes here and the whole staff has always been friendly. Internet is kind of slow though, but that's me just nitpicking :)
Great environment to do work and food 
People were so friendly food was good
Excellent service, beautiful people and great food and coffee ..
Not a huge fan of Panera. Food is a bit over priced for what you get. 
I will say though that this is a great place if you want to grab a coffee and just chill. Usually fairly quite. Good for chill morning meetings. 
Úsaaly these places are aceptable this location is dirty and has an awful putred smell that makes you want to throw up the bathrooms are filthy dining area  not attended plates on tables lack of obvious supervison and team effort to make this place the best it can be put your self in the place of the customer and you guys will find the answer
Place was fine but internet is slow as molasses.
Pretty chill spot, good food, can be a little pricey. Good place to sit and relax, quiet place to get work done .
THIS FULLERTON LOCATION IS THE BEST!! BRIANNA IS SO DELIGHTFUL AND HELPFUL ALL THE STAFF AT THIS LOCATION ARE. THE FOOD IS AMAZING A SPECIAL TREAT ON A SUNDAY MORNING. I AM ABSOLUTELY ADDICTED TO THE BREAKFAST MENU.. THANKS PANERA FOR GETTING UP SO EARLY FOR US..... KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .SINCERELY,MARY BETH AND GARRETT
It's the second time I'm here and tables are dirty. Floor is not clean as well.
I've been to a lot of panera breads but this one cashier here named: " Bradley  :) " (he drew a smiley face next to his name lol) was exceptionally nice to not only me but to all customers. I think it's people like him who makes people's day better. 
Good food and plenty of tables in case you're coming here to study.
I never really knew where Panera Bread fit into the scheme of things, but upon visiting one, I now know. The common thing that I saw here were students with textbooks and lounging senior citizens. I cannot say I am a fan of the place, but from the outside, it's certainly welcoming and clean. On the inside, there was plenty seating and friendly staff. Hot and iced coffee had free refills.
The wild rice soup is awesome.  The classic grilled cheese is awesome.  My family and I have only been coming here for  from January - July 2013, but I can say it has been great each time we go.  We sometimes enjoy the comfortable chairs and umbrellas on the patio, but usually go through the drivethru.  Never experienced anything less that good customer service.  
Love this panera. The staff is always friendly and they work very fast. 
Everything I've tried here has tasted a little "off" compared to other Paneras. The tomato soup wasn't even a safe choice here. I do not recommend this location!
I like this place. Frendly and nice staff.
Soups always super hot. Good service.
