The Pho here is pretty good. I haven't tried many combinations of the Pho soup, but so far my experience has been well.
The BBQ pork rice and spring rolls are excellent.  Service is fast and efficient.  Prices are good.

Brother says the pho is amazing.
Suttle side spot with  lots  of smile  and soft music, food is great!!!!
The pho is amazing... N1 pho combo! The tender is the best I've had. They have wine here!.. a gem in the wall i love this place. 
Tried pho before at the brea mall, of course it it didn't taste that great because you know it's the mall. came here alone about a week ago or two and fell in love. Brought some friends and soon take my parents out here to eat. Absolutely love the pho here
Good food.
The menu is too small, but the quality is great in food and service.
It's Pho so there is a lot of competition. 

Their dumpster stinks up the whole neighborhood. Don't park in the rear if you plan on eating here
It's OK. We go here cause it's convenient and ok. To go service is a little iffy. Always seem to get something wrong. Pho is solid but apps are bland. Not the best not the worst. Slightly expensive for the taste
Rare beef pho was excellent.  Best meat I've had in a pho.
Overall expeirence there was ok. They have a very nice atmosphere and their service is very good. However I had the spring roll as an appetizer with noodle soup with rare beef, brisket and tendon. Compared to other places the soup was good however they give you very little tendon. The spring rolls had a very powerful taste and the sauce they had with it was not very tasty either. Above all else it was expensive for what you got compared to others. So for overall I would say that the service was really great and they had such a beautiful atmosphere however they do need improving on quality of food and the price 
Great place! This restaurant is really beautiful and calm inside. The staff is friendly and cheerful. The food is really fresh and yummy!
I was really impressed with this Restaurant.  It is very clean inside and the service is awesome!

For appertizer, I ordered a dish of spring rolls.  It was very fresh and tasty!  For main dish, I had pho number 1 large bowl.  The soup was so good that I drank it all!  Unlike other pho places, the meat here is all fillet mignon and fresh. The Thai tea was excellent too.  The total price was reasonable.  I was filled up and totally satisfied.

Thanks Pho Olivia in Fullerton.  I will come back!
