Good atmosphere and nice staff. Build your our pizza or salad. Haven't tried their salad but their pizza are good. Fresh ingredients.
I like to have a lot of toppings on my pizza so this place is heaven for me. 

Tips- order online and ask for extra crispy. It's more delicious this way. 
Thinking of having a nice, crispy, juicy, healthy, good for your wallet kind of meal?  Well,  Pieology meets all these requirements.  It's like Chipotle for pizza.  First,  you get in line(which can be really long),  and decide how many types of meats or vegetables you want on your pizza, then you can add 1 or 2, heck you can add all the meats and vegetables for the same low  price of $7.50.  The long wait can be daunting, but the speed at which you wait for your food is SERIOUSLY LESS THAN 5 MINUTES!  I timed them, seriously less than 5.  The food is ridiculously good, and the service is awesome too.  

FYI
1. While waiting in line send someone to get a table because space is rather limited.
2. No tomato unless you want your pizza a little wet.
Great Pizza. Filling without feeling obese. Don't be discouraged by long lines. They move quickly.  
great thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients. this place works like a subway or chipotle in that you choose your toppings as you walk down a line. good customer service, but there is a rush around dinner time so if youre planning on going during that time, it's smart to order online and pick up your pizza 
Oh man i love making pizza pies! "The secrests in the sauce" 
These people can serve gluten free crust with tomato sauce, cheese, and toppings... all disguised cleverly as pizza!
I love Pieology, especially this location. I've never had a bad experience here. The only thing that came close was the one time where the line was so long that it went around the restaurant and through the back exit door and I had to wait in line next to the ramen place next door, but that shows how good this place is. I like how you can have your pizza your way. The cinnamon dessert is also something that I highly recommend. The staff here are really courteous and helpful, the atmosphere is very chill, and parking isn't bad at all since it's in a shopping center parking lot. I definitely recommend this place. 
I like these places where everyone can get what they want. It satisfies picky eaters. And no one has to settle. Pieology is great because the toppings are unlimited. Everything was fresh, tasted great and was quickly served to our table. I love the variety of toppings and being able to get something different since it is all yours. No one would eat my all veggie pizza. 

The only complaint is the place is really loud. Chairs that scrape and squawk on a cement floor coupled with loud music and a interior with no noise reduction features, created a meal where you can't talk during the meal when it is busy. And it was busy. We pretty much hurried up and ate, which might be their goal. Get you in and out fast! 
I really enjoy the pizza here. Gets pretty hectic and crazy with the line, but it goes pretty fast. Filling and delicious and oh so fresh
Out of all the make your own pizza place restaurants that have spring up over the last few years, pieology is still my favorite. It doesn't have the most topping options, but the selection is still solid and the pizzas are consistently good. The crust here is also my favorite. My only complaint about this location is that it can sometimes get very loud inside. It makes it hard to hold a conversation. 
I love pieology but this place is just so packed all of the time...
i'm giving it 4 stars because although the ingredients are fresh and tasty, the crust seemed a little chewy and flimsy. Not crunchy at all, and that was a little disappointing. In fact, I'd give it 3-1/2 stars, leaning more toward 4.  But, all in all, it was good.
Alright Pizza - lots of toppings.  Not a fan of the crust - sort of like a soda cracker.  Crust is thin but definitely not a New York style.  Toppings were very salty.
Great pizza. Love that they have gluten free and vegan cheese options. 
Only improvement could be the friendliness of the staff but overall great for a quick pizza bite. 
A Fullerton favorite. 
Love this place!   I get what I ask for.  Staff is always friendly and ready to help. More cheese?  Just say when.  More olives? Is this enough.
Great quick service pizza
Its so good I burn my mouth everytime..unless I take it home. Which is really rare because its so good. Go here. Extra anything is not extra...yeah its crazy. They have coupons online too.
If you want pizza, go to Pizza Press. Better toppings and variety there. Used to go here, but it's always so busy. and just average thin crust pizza
Really love this restaurant! The pizza is cheesy and yummy!
Always love this place. I can customize my pizza. They also provide wheat for pizza which make my pizza more healthy. 
Parking is always an issue here when school is in session but I love the food. Always fresh and always hot. 
Easy, fast, fresh, good quality and great staff!
This place specializes in pizza and they do it really well. So don't go here thinking that their dessert menu is where their strength is at. 
Their business model is outstanding and they have very reasonable prices. 
I could write a full fledged review on it but won't waste your time. So far at the date of my post this establishment is rated at 4 1/2 stars. Whoever brought it down by that 1/2 point must not 'get it'.
If you're a true foodie... Go here. It's WELL worth the commute and experience. 

Word of advice: It's busy here. Very busy.  So if you want to have fun while waiting in the long line, look across at KFC which is visible from the left-side window.  You can have a good laugh trying to figure out why nobody's in that restaurant.
Honestly would never return there is no such thing as healthy pizza!
I love it so much great customer service! Always clean and fast! especially very healthy only pizza I will eat now!
$8 for an unlimited toppings pizza! Awesome value, good food, great customer service. We love this place! 
Gets pretty packed during rush hours.