I came here out of curiosity at first, and now it's one of my more regular places to eat. The location and atmosphere is interesting and pleasant, the service is good, and of course the pizza is delicious. With plenty of choices and the ability to create your own pizza for a great price, this makes coming back to try different combinations utterly worth it. That being said, if there is one thing I'm not sold on, it's the way the pizza is given to the customer if you don't ask for a to-go box. The pizza is placed on a wooden peel after it is cooked (a wooden peel is basically a flat wooden board with tapered sides and a handle that's usually used to stick certain types of pizza into an oven) and the customer is given that to use as the plate.  While it does look rather stylish and is pretty unique, this truthfully just comes off as clunky at best and really awkward to carry at worst. Not only do you have to worry about potentially dropping it or mosquitoes from outside, but this also means the pizza itself is getting colder faster. Plus it also makes getting a drink if your alone much more difficult since you either have to worry about dropping it while getting a drink or leaving it back at your table where anyone could take it/touch it. It's never happened yet, but  weird things do happen. Maybe this is supposed to be environmentally friendly or something, but Needless to say, I always ask for a to-go box. Overall, a great place for quick and delicious pizza, with a rather odd and awkward bit that I'm not sold on.
Cool pizza place. You can get whatever toppings you want for $8.50. I tried the Herald pizza. It was very good. They have good variety of beer on tap.
Build your own pizza with local breweries on tap. Driving through tonight we stopped in by chance and liked it. Very clean, curious, friendly and helpful employees. Liked the food, beer and atmosphere.
Conveniently located across the street from CSUF. Custom made pizza with a unique early 20th century American decor. Offers beers on tap as well !
Gluten free pizza with lots of "publish your own" options. Cool ambiance. Friendly customer service. My husband enjoys the variety of craft brews on tap.
I love the feel of his place. It is like you are in a early 1900's factory. The great thing is you don't have to worry about getting injured or something. It did smell pizza in there. 
We have eaten here several times over the years while visiting Disneyland. It never disappoints. The pizza is made right in front of you so you know it's fresh! The variety of sauces, cheese and toppings is great. This restaurant is highly recommended by my family.
I'm hoping that this place doesn't fall victim to the curse of this location because the pizza is amazing and the customer service is unbelievable! I'm not the biggest beer guy either, but damn they have some good beer and a huge selection
Really great! Very quality at a good price my wife and children of various ages really enjoyed it -Eric from Phoenix
Great atmosphere, tons of toppings, wonderful rotating craft beers, late hours, wifi, friendly staff.  All good to me!
The Pizza Press is very similar to other thin crust build your own pizza places. However I like the cooking method used at the Pizza Press more than other restaurants. At The Pizza Press each pizza is put through a conveyor oven individually, this results in a less greasy pizza. 
My wife and I really like this place. There are very helpful with her gluten allergy, and the pizza is great. I love their beer selection! It is very eclectic, this is the place to find a rare beer on tap...or coldbrew.
