I'm a coffee drinker, they make it fresh when I buy a meal,  even late at night."
"F-ckn AA"!!!
Always go there. Good for late night .trendy crowd all time
This place is 24 hours which is great. Service can be a hit or miss depending on what time you go and who is helping you
Similar to all others
They treated my wife like crap. She shows up at 2 am and the guy at the counter insults her and skimped her salad. Their about to get salad all over their store. I drove 14 Hours last night and all I wanted was my girl and a salad. This subway almost messed up my night. Im furious and im going to pursue this.
I usually have a pretty good experience at Subway. You pretty much know what to expect. But this Subway is wretched. The owner is too cheap to hire employees, so he makes the sandwiches himself. I ordered a chicken breast sandwich and he makes me something that looks like a bowl of oatmeal. Okay, that may be an exaggeration, but he pretty much threw it together like he was making a burrito. I was blown away. When I asked for olives, instead of giving me the olives from the container, he picked olives that had fallen in with the tomatoes and lettuce from earlier. He was actually picking olives from the lettuce container. This guy should not be making sandwiches. He should stick to counting his money instead. 
This is by far the best subway around. Always friendly and fast service, plus fresh ingredients!
Good place, I go there at least a few times a week. I like their soup too (i know, subway soup). They make subs good!
Go to the one on yorba Linda blvd! Little farther.. but wayy better!
This subway is 24 hours! They always have my choice of bread and FRESH toppings abundantly in stock too.
I go here almost every friday for the Tuna deal they have. Its the closest from my work and easy to deal with since you can order through the app. Most times ive picked up through the app there were things off about the sandwich (ill get extra ingredients or things are missing, the directions werent followed as closely etc). Today, Jasmine did my order, and it was a great sandwich. Her attention to detail was on spot and she even wrapped my sandwich twice without requesting (never even thought of that. I always have a problem with the juices leaking over time). In general this place is pretty good and their indoor facility is clean and usually quick when they are a little busy. I dont expect perfection with the app orders most times anyway but Jasmine really went above and beyond today. 
A little small, but clean and efficient.
A good place.