Good service. Their spicy basil chicken fried rice is awesome. I've also had the spicy beef salad, that was lacking something but still good. Thai tea is good. This place is definitely worth a try.
Nice fancy decor, great food, extensive menu of standard Thai items. Friendly service.
Very Tasty Food! Always make it to our liking and great service!!
This place has gone through a few name changes in the years I have eaten here, but the food has remained delicious! They have a friendly staff and a great lunch menu options. I love the pad see ew with beef,  and the pad thai with shrimp annnnd chicken :) 
I went there for the first time a couple of weeks ago, and I'd definitely go back again. I love Thai food, and this place doesn't disappoint.

My friends ordered a good sampling of items from the menu, and I enjoyed every dish. There was some really great fried shrimp, kind of like curly fries, (don't recall the actual name) and a few other dishes I hadn't had at other places.
What a nice little Thai restaurant this place turned out to be. I can here for lunch with some friends and we all left satisfied. Pad See Ew is my go-to when eating Thai food and this place does not disappoint. The food we had tasted really authentic. The price is just right and the staff were all friendly. There's not much to dislike about this place.
Food excellent!  Taste to please both Thai and American.  The portion is generous.  Servers are exceptionally nice.  Clean and relaxing place.  The best Thai food in this area!!!
The food is very good, and the servers always seem friendly. They need to sell fountain drinks though -- canned sodas may be a turnoff for some people. Also, another downfall could be the additional $0.50 charge for using a credit/debit card. Anyway,  the establishment is clean, the food is yummy,  and I highly recommend it.
Everything is delicious and really good price !! 😊
Awesome Thai dishes!! Good service and fair price! Highly recommend. we had 24 days catering service with Thailandia never once disappointed. all food service fresh and tasty! Thank you for all your service from (HKITA) Hong Kong International Tennis Association.
