Great Indian food at a good price and very fast service. I can be in and out in less than 5 min.
The food is decent, but somehow not as flavorful as the Indian food I'm used to. Service is quick and friendly, and the selection is familiar if not extensive - they seem to carry between 8 and 12 dishes at any given time. 
You can dine and take out food...its a cafeteria type place so service is a bit faster......
Love the big portions and the taste is great. One of our favorite spots for Indian food near us.
Awesome Indian food bit spicy though.. good thing is they let you taste the curry before ordering.
Great food and friendly service
If you like indian food, give this place a try. Affordable and authentic 
The restaurant is small and thus not very conducive to dining in, but the food is very tasty! I absolutely love getting the Chicken Tikka Masala combo with garlic naan.
Although the selections are severely limited, each dish is very delicious. I particularly enjoy the curry goat. They also give you a lot of food per order, filling the entire carryout foam box. For the price,  it is superb value. 
ice food...but the sunday morning staff a fair looking lady very rude ,i visited first time and she commented on us just because we got confuse where the line is going...shamless dont know how to behave with customer......i never seen like her 
Great place to have Indian food, especially there yogurt curry (kadi in hindi). Service is quick and the staff is very courteous.
The food was the best Indian food I have had in a while.
Best place in Fullerton for Indian food.
Decent prices, tons of food, super delicious
Great portions of delicious, authentic food for a great price. I come here every chance I get!
Authentic taste, great naan, veggie options and fast!
I love the food here. Definitely the best Indian food restaurant in the US
Satisfy your curry cravings! This small spot offers an assortment of traditional Indian food. They pack each plate with a mountain of rice and your choice of sides. They also offer tasty, warm bread. The prices fairly reasonable. This is one of my favorite curry spots and probably one of the best around!