Best KBBQ! Excellent service, and excellent food! Dinner AYCE is $23 but it's definitely worth it! Used to eat at Gen Korean BBQ but this one beats it. Definitely give this place a try, wait might be long though 
One of the best AYCE korean BBQ places.  Clean space, severs friendly and the meat is delicious!  This place can get a bit loud so don't expect to have quiet and sweet romantic moments.  This place is about stuffing your face with some darn good Korean BBQ!  Wait can be very long, but you can't blame them for being popular it just means the food is good.  They do give you a buzzer with a number so you can sit in the car or walk a max distance of 1 mile away (this is according to the severs I did not test it).  If it is your birthday let them know and be prepared to get embarrassed.
One of my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ spots. Great for lunch and dinner. The quality of food and service is excellent. 
Best KBBQ from San Diego until you reach LA, irregardless of AYCE or not.  You don't even have to order premium, the original is just as quality.  #6 Mr BBQ on the original is very similar to the premium short ribs.  What's also great is they have Kids prices 5-10 year old $9.99 lunch and $13.99 dinner.
Cheap and yummy. Even though you need to wait (maybe a long time), cause you can play cards when u wait!( TIP: if you don't want to wait, go 5.pm if you want dinner, and go 10.am if you go to lunch. Lunch is much cheaper.)
Great food.. go here hungry, ask for as much as you want don't be scared.. :) always busy.. 
My new favorite AYCE KBBQ spot. We came at 6pm on a Thursday night, and the wait was about 35 minutes. By 6:30, the wait was about an hour. The service was the best I've ever received at a KBBQ restaurant. The servers were quick and friendly. I loved it! The server even brought out a kids tray for my son. So kid-friendly! The sides were all so good, and there were plenty of different sides. The meat was also some of the best that I've ever tried! I also enjoyed the small scoop of mint and chip ice cream at the end. It was the perfect way to end the meal. I'll be returning here often!The BEST KBBQ place around. Hands down. The food is delicious, they give you plenty of appetizers and don’t mind refilling them. When I asked for a lot of rice paper, guess what? They brought a ton of rice paper and kept me filled up  the whole time I was there. Most of the time, I didn’t even need to mention that I was running out and they would bring more.
I highly recommend this restaurant to any lovers of Korean BBQ or anyone who wants a meal with a smile or just a lot of food.
Over-rated... the price is comparable with most Korean BBQ in the area. The food is greatly good and the service is excellent. 
The meat selection is very good.  The quality of meat is excellent.  In addition the portion size is larger than other places.  The marinated meats are all excellent also.  Side dishes good too.  I really can't find a fault in the food.
Long wait on busy days but worth it! Went with 4 other people and got the combo 2 for $99+ soooo much food! Good but really filling, better to get the individual plates.
This place is kinda ridiculously funny. Food is good. And the atmosphere is hilarious with tons of fun and activity and music going off to celebrate people's birthdays and clubby neon lighting. Food is good here, so the other stuff is just funny and entertaining 
Food was great, service was even better. Our waiter brought us two free dishes to try out, and it was a good amount of food, even for 8 people. I would definitely be back
This is the best Korean BBQ place i ve been so far.  Food was very fresh and meat was tender.  I will defintely come back again if i were in the area.