I definitely recommend this place. I love the spicy beef salad here! The cashew chicken, sweet and sour chicken are also good. love the lunch and dinner specials. Lots of good flavors in their good. Service is usually pretty good.Listen to the other reviews, don't go past a 7 in spiciness. 
Delicious food. Fast service. Lunch specials are perfect for a quick meal on a budget.
Very slow service. Food was pretty good. There are better thai restaurants for the same price elsewhere.
Food is so good, place is clean great price
My girls love Thai food.  Their favorite dishes  are Pad Thai and Pad See Ew!  Great service! Food was so flavorful and tasted fresh.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
Never Never Never Going back there... Bad waitress service and not good food. Ordered Green curry and Thai Basil chicken (there was not one basil leaf in my dish). I usually order from across the street but they were closed. Thought I would give Thai Basil a try. When I ordered they told me 20 min. I got there after 30 min, - no one greeted me, infact when I tried to get the waitress attention, she snapped and said hold on. Then she tells me i have to wait another 10 min and when I asked why she got upset and said the lady inside would help me out and walked away. Finally, someone from inside came out and dropped the bag of food on the counter and went back in. Then the same rude waitress came back charged me and said here you go... no "sorry for the wait" or Thank you."  I usually don't give bad reviews, but I found a small piece of wire / plastic in the Thai Basil chicken (i am not sure what it was but definitely not edible.)
Good quality Thai food at a good price.
I have been a client for over 10 years and have always enjoyed the food.  But lately their service has become poor.  Place the order on the phone and I got scolded for their own mistake.  Also, they have been not very welcoming when I go there with my 2 year who is well behaved.  Probably because I am a vegetarian.  I wish their service will improve.
Best Thai food outside of Thailand! Word is bond.
Best Thai food in Orange County, in a non-descript shopping mall.
The food is consistently good and fairly priced. The service is prompt but not friendly.
great food and service
Good service, very good food at reasonable prices.
Good food and service.
Good service and delicious food.  Be sure to look at the "rice plates" section of the menu, which has good stuff that you can order sans rice if you want to -- I had a dish with crispy pork skins that was amazing.  The thick porridge with preserved egg would have been excellent drunk food.
We have been going to Thai Basil for over 12 years now.....say about every ten days on the average. We have never had a bad serving of anything. We have always been treated well by the staff and you have to respect their speed and competency, even when they get very busy. The vegetables are fresh and all their food preparation is excellent, never overcooked.  We call Thai Basil "the  kitchen" because it has become our second kitchen
Best Thai food in the area. Never disappointed!
Great food great service.  We always get take out at least twice a week
An especially favorite here for us locals, come try this restaurant out. Authentic Thai food and great, friendly service. Try the various curries and don't forget to order your lunch or dinner special.
I honestly did like the food, it was delicious and served promptly. However, I only give it 2 stars instead of 4 because of how I was treated. A waitress working there did not acknowledge me, talk to me if she got my order, and when my food was served I was also introduced to the bill. They really gave me the experience of not being wanted. The food gets 4 stars but service gets 2.
Great Thai food. Amazing curry and pad Thai. Me and my wife eat here all the time. It's also in a great location. Easy to find, easy to get to.
Food was good and price is reasonable.  But service is a slow, need to improve on customer service.
love thai food. did not disappoint.
I really like this place,Food is really Good, But Bad Service
Good food
Great service great food
The food is excellent!
I did take out, twice in three days.  Quick, professional, fantastic food.  I eat spicy, ordered 10 in 1 to 10, my fault, order 7, fantastic food ..
One of my friends said that this restaurant doesn't serve authentic Thai food, but it doesn't really matter to me. The quality and price rock and the waitresses are consistently friendly and attentive (except perhaps when every table is filled, but that's probably to be expected anyway)!
Excellent food at a reasonable price. Dinner specials are great. Friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. Perfect for a leisurely family meal.
great food at a great price.
The food is very good especially the lunch specials. The prices are more than fair. I've tried other Thai places in the area and this is my favorite when I'm in the area.
I'm so happy we found this restaurant! The Thai place we used to go changed hands and went downhill. Everything we ordered at Thai Basil was delicious! Perfectly spiced and flavored. We've also ordered takeout with the same great results. We went to another local Thai restaurant and spent the meal saying how the food wasn't nearly as good as Thai Basil.
I recently went to famed Chomp restaurant, and the whole time was there I was thinking "Man I wish I was at Thai Basil right now" lol.  Great food match by there Great service.  Me and my girlfriend love eating at this place and always look for reasons to go.