I love this place. It has good ramen and the service and prices are fair. Come in during lunch for lunch special. 
Aka soup base is preferable since the spicy covers the salt flavor. I hate salty foods!
Been going here for years! Great food and service.
They have excellent food. This is my favorite ramen place.... i eat here regularly and have not been disappointed. 5/5 would reccomend to anyone... must stop by if youre in fullerton and looking for authentic Japanese food 
Comfort food! Ramen! So good! Small place and a lot of people go here, so waiting time can be 30mis or more before you get seated.  After finishing your food dont stay long because alot of people is waiting to take your seat. I go here late dinner time to avoid crowd. Most of the time i order for to go if there is a line and crowded.. yes they serve alcohol here!
Aka ramen with takoyaki!. Their spicy miso base is really good. This place does get crowded during school year for lunch as it's very close to CSU Fullerton; so be prepared to wait.
Went here with my girlfriend for lunch. We paid $25 for two and were both able to get a nice sized bowl of Shoyu with gyoza and pork fried rice on the side. My girlfriend did the social media challenge was able to get enough likes to get us a free side of noodles, which were greatly appreciated. This place is always crowded but we got lucky and sat at the bar. Service was was and we were in and out within 45 minutes. Definitely the best place for Ramen near CSUF.
We came here last night with friends. All of us ordered apps. My gf wasn't impressed with the apps they ordered but her hubby was raving. I ordered the Cha Shu pork app and my hubby ordered Buta and Kim. My app came with 4 super thin slices of pork over a mound of bean sprouts. Good but I felt ripped off. Hubby's was ok. We all ordered ramen (both chicken and pork broth versions) and we were all pretty happy with the ramen broth and noodles but we all felt ripped off with the amount of meat offered. There were 3 super thin slices of pork. The rest were fillers. You get more bang for your buck at Ajisen. However the kids all wolfed down their food, even our friends finicky eater so that's a plus. 
Excellent service and excellent food. The Ramen reminds of the time I visited a Shop during a brief visit in Tokyo, Japan.  The Cha Ramen and the creamy, delicious broth continues to be one of my favorites.  I don't have a least favorite with this place as every thing I have eaten at What's Up Men is excellent. 
Outstanding service and food!! Definitely will come back again
However, it is good food and they do things correctly in preparation
Good food and environment.  Upbeat atmosphere.  Ramen never disappoints.
Great food here,  and the staff is really nice. 
Great food, good service, but wait for tables can be long
