 The difference is worth the additional cost. 
 Premium quality makes the bar go higher when consuming anything and so does the price tag. 
Service was attentive and price was fair. 
-That is the main reason why I gave this place a 4 star instead of 5 because other than that I really like this place and the price is well worth the quality. 
 which is why the price is so steep. 
  I recommend y'all get the expensive menu and feast on that. 
Price (4): Reasonable pricing for what you get at a KBBQ and the quality. 
 They say they don't have anymore of a particular item when it is kinda expensive. 
Totally worth the price. 
It's a little more expensive than other places I've been to . 
 If 1 person wants the premium the whole table is charged the higher price. 
 the filet and stuff  it cost extra . 
 the dinner price applies (+$20). 
 the price reflects why too. 
I wish price was a little lower . 
 they are simply the best and the price is excellent for what you get. 
Price 2. 
5: overpriced for its quality. 
 they have raised up the prices. 
 for the same price I get better food somewhere else. 
 which has been overrated and overpriced. 
 fast service and great price. 
Their meats are really of high quality(expected since price is pretty expensive). 
 and fair prices. 
$23 dinner is a more than reasonable price for the variety and quality of meat you get. 
 They have much better prices (premium meat included). 
 don't be dumb like us and show up thinking you're paying lunch price on weekends): $22. 
 they were charging dinner prices all day. 
What you ultimately get is a pretty good selection of meats for a higher price than you find elsewhere. 
- Options - higher price gives you access to other meat options. 
 it's not worth the price for the extra meats. 
 It's just too expensive. 
 for the price of an AYCE place. 
 prices were great. 
What's the price for such attentive service? A really long wait. 
 $32 ayce dinner is a bit pricey. 
 the dinner prices are pricey. 
 I recommend other alternatives because this place is pricey. 
The filet mignon was worth that price alone. 
 and great price. 
 I went during lunch hours so the price was about $16. 
 I mean if I love steak and ordered 2-3 plates of those it'd make sense to go with the expensive one. 
For the price this place is a real bargain. 
 it is worth the price. 
 cheaper and more pricey. 
 Go for more pricey if you see certain cuts of meat (like short rib) that's not on the regular menu. 
 they must just had a price increase. 
 comparable to Gen BBQ and others around the same price range. 
 compared to some lower-priced priced places. 
 I kind of regarded the price as a friendship tax because I had so much fun. 
However the downside is that their prices for dinner sky rocket which is a big increase from their reasonable lunch price 
Costumer service was the only thing that was Excellent   
It will be a little more expensive than what I'm used to. 
 with the high price comes high quality meat and a good environment. 
99USD dinner price. 
This restaurant is a little bit pricier than most of the K-town AYCE KBBQ places with the lowest tier of their dinner menu being priced at $22. 
(Last note: the weekend AYCE price is the dinner price: $20. 
Price. 
 This place is worth your price and definitely the best KBBQ in my book. 
Mr BBQ's most expensive option ($27. 
 you may be disappointed with the price. 
  Kids are about half price. 
The prices are a little higher than other AYCE . 
The prices for dinner 1 is around $23 and to upgrade to dinner 2 is about $30. 
Thanks for the free good expensive name brand candies. 
 They also have a wide selection of things to order from depending on menu which of course varies in price. 
 price was ridiculous. 
Price: 5 Stars
 The meats here are truly good quality and the price isn't ridiculous either (bonus - free ice cream). 
   We decided on the all you can eat lunch which is reasonably priced at $14. 
