 This is a typical Subway that offers great alternative to over price food in the park. 
We were visiting Disneyland for 3 days and looking for an inexpensive dinner option before we headed back to the park. 
 good sandwiches and good prices make this a great place for a quick lunch. 
 The prices were so good in comparison to what we had been paying in the parks all week. 
 Classic subway selection and classic price
 We ate there a few times for a cost effective alternative to Disney
 inexpensive meal. 
Instead of eating expensive food at Disneyland. 
 the prices are a bit lower in the usa. 
 with our currency so weak it probably worked out to the same price. 
 Friendly staff and good food at reasonable prices. 
 and for a little extra cost. 
 though higher priced than a usual Subway. 
 Can't go wrong for the price. 
 Decent prices. 
 Prices are great. 
 Disneyland park food just does not have healthy choice at an affordable price
 the price can't be beat. 
Reliable and inexpensive for Dinner. 
being close to Disneyland you would expect inflated prices. 
 worth the walk if you are tired of overpriced junkfood. 
 great prices. 
 The service was quick and the prices were just like home. 
everywhere the prices were inflated. 
 Good quick service and regular prices. 
 and I bought breakfast sandwiches there instead of the expensive hotel breakfast
Cashier charged me full price for beverages that I asked to be included in combo meals. 
 Super expensive. 
 The prices were reasonable and the sandwich was better than I expected. 
 This is a great alternative to Disney food - fresh and at a reasonable price. 
 Prices here are also very reasonable considering the cost of eating at Disney restaurants. 
 Good price. 
 so this is a good inexpensive place for the family to eat healthy. 
 This is a typical Subway that offers great alternative to over price food in the park. 
We were visiting Disneyland for 3 days and looking for an inexpensive dinner option before we headed back to the park. 
 good sandwiches and good prices make this a great place for a quick lunch. 
 The prices were so good in comparison to what we had been paying in the parks all week. 
