There's something about the meats that tastes so flavorful. 
 Everyone is so nice and food is always served on time and they never made any mistakes whenever we visit. 
 The food will speak for itself once you try it. 
 The rice sheets tasted slightly old and stiff. 
I came here today for lunch with my brother and have probably received the best service ive ever had at any Korean BBQ and ive been eating KBB for almost 10 years. 
On to the food. 
99 per person to experience the highest quality food they could provide. 
 Most of our items were beef and seafood. 
 Thanks to the Back Room which is a bar located behind the restaurant as that made our time go by after having a couple of drinks before our buzzer went off. 
99 on weekends and dinner. 
 fish cakes. 
Food: We went with the premium menu for $31. 
Drinks:  Since it was Monday night football. 
 The food is delicious and you won't be disappointed. 
Foodie tip: enjoy your meat even more by asking for the salt & sesame oil and dip all your meat in it. 
My recommendation for this place is to try them during lunch. 
  They don't have as many choices on the lunch menu. 
Our group of 10 had two grills to work with so that made cooking much more efficient and also allowed us to order more food at once. 
 tasted delicious. 
You like to have drinks while you're having amazing steaks?. 
  Other than that the food and service is 5 stars. 
 So I'm gonna start off by saying all their meat is very good and is above average quality and taste. 
 I guess they are hoping that as you're getting more full you don't notice that the quality of the food is going down and you might even blame your own judgement since you are full. 
 and she said that they always have a wait time during dinner everyday. 
 The only time you can come without waiting is weekdays at lunch time according to her. 
 I come during dinner time. 
The quality of the food is superb. 
 they are super stingy and are anal about food loss. 
  No other BBQ joints serves Filet as a part of their AYCE menu and it just tastes incredibly delicious. 
  they have a wide variety of side dishes that taste Aiites. 
 this is an AYCE and we just paid $32 per person for dinner. 
Coming in for a weekend dinner? Expect at least an hour+ wait. 
 Not sure if it's because it's lunch time. 
 I did not taste quality that was better than other places . 
 fish cakes. 
Whats asian food without rice??? We are sooooo needy . 
 I would definitely suggest coming for lunch to save a few bucks. 
its a lot of food choose from. 
food coma was creeping up. 
They didn't seem to have a charge for not eating all your food . 
Food:
) - knew when we wanted to order more food. 
 and have a few drinks as you wait. 
 the dinner price applies (+$20). 
What I love about Korean style food is the spread. 
 I knew I was at the right place when the majority of the table was covered in food and you can't fit all of it in a picture haha. 
drinks. 
 kept everything clean and asked if we wanted more food. 
yelps-top-100-places-to-eat-in-the-us-for-2016-fast-track-to-a-food-coma
I love the food there. 
 They have tons of different kind of meats and other food items like cold noodles. 
AYCE Dinner is $24 for the lowest one. 
The food here is your typical ayce Korean Barbeque . 
 refill drinks. 
Bulgogi: The best item from their AYCE lunch menu was the bulgogi. 
 stir fried fish cakes. 
Food was excellent - probably the widest array and most generous portions of banchan I've ever seen at KBBQ. 
99 for "PAYCE" (premium all you can eat lunch menu) was super reasonable - we started off the brisket (of course). 
 offering great food and not skimping. 
The food was ridiculously awesome. 
  they brought out a complimentary lunch tray with rice. 
 drink. 
 I can't wait to go back for lunch again. 
 i was there for lunch and was 1st customer so no wait. 
the food. 
- Great variety of meats and seafood items
  Mist everyone did not feel good and had to pack the food and left. 
  If you're a seafood person. 
It's $16 for lunch and they have a wide selection of quality meats. 
Food 3. 
 and food get burnt easily. 
 for the same price I get better food somewhere else. 
 tastes similar to Gen's Hawaiian steak. 
 its not the best kbbq I've tasted so far . 
 BBQ in Fullerton is one of the best spots and only spots I go to for the best quality food and excellent service. 
 Their menu options are extensive no matter which package you go to and during lunch or dinner. 
 Their food is consistently good quality from the side dishes to the meat selections. 
 their meat tasted bland compared to the meat here. 
 then it just tasted like the dry brisket. 
 Tastes like pure cream and sugar. 
Food quality - excellent 
 matches the food quality 
$23 dinner is a more than reasonable price for the variety and quality of meat you get. 
 honestly those samples were a round of drinks itself. 
The food was fresh and full of flavor. 
 If you come for lunch. 
99 and dinner is $23. 
 I'm going to say that lunch is wayyy more worth it value. 
 Dinner menu. 
 you get to spin it if you order $15 worth of drinks. 
 If you are coming during normal lunch or dinner hours. 
 I've learned my lesson and just show up at 11am for lunch to get my KBBQ fix here. 
food:
LUNCH ayce (11am-4pm M-F): $14. 
DINNER ayce (every other time ^. 
 dinner. 
 don't be dumb like us and show up thinking you're paying lunch price on weekends): $22. 
 they have a lot of different ones from the norm and they taste fresh
The variety of drinks that they have is also very nice. 
 they were charging dinner prices all day. 
 He did forget to bring our drinks. 
 That was a good thing because I'm eliminating sodas from my daily drinks . 
 Other than that we had a great lunch. 
 Perfect end to an awesome lunch. 
 especially the fish cakes and the radish wraps. 
The food is good. 
Great QUALITY selection of premium meats & seafood. 
 there was a weird taste to it. 
  Food was good. 
 A busser came to take our drink orders because the server was busy. 
I was in a rotten mood when we sat down for dinner because we literally waited an 1. 
FOODS: Great. 
Pro: A wide variety of quality meat and seafood. 
 It's so good and doesn't taste like alcohol. 
 it has odd taste. 
The food was delicious. 
Food was good. 
 Great food and service and I was glad I didn't have to wait
 food was quick. 
As for the food itself. 
 we've tried both dinner menus. 
 Lots of meat varieties and seafood as well. 
 $32 ayce dinner is a bit pricey. 
 the dinner prices are pricey. 
They have a decent selection of banchan (fish cake anyone?) and side dishes. 
  It tasted great and complimented the heaps of korean bbq in my stomach at that point. 
 smoke and sizzling food from all the grills at each table. 
  The manager came by and asked how our evening and meal was at the end of our dinner and thanked us for being there as well as wishing me a happy birthday. 
lounge restaurant type area in the back where you can hang out and get drinks while waiting. 
In terms of the food. 
 think of it as a nice walk to walk off all the food you just ate. 
Lunch: It's about $14. 
 I know they just recently discontinued the steamed egg during lunch time which is a bummer. 
 At some KBBQ restaurants the banchan options are very limited during lunch time. 
 BBQ they still have a pretty big selection whether you visit during lunch or dinner. 
 They usually have a buy one drink get one drink 50% off during lunch time Monday through Thursday. 
Dinner: For $22. 
99 for just the regular dinner selection. 
 Their banchan selection is typically larger during dinner time. 
 Employees here are always willing to refill you drinks. 
 Went here for lunch which runs about $20 a person with drinks. 
 I heard dinner is even better (choice-wise). 
 Lunch was no wait around 12:30 pm during the weekday. 
 I loved the fact that they were changing out our grill consistently so we didnt get the charred taste from cooking the meats. 
The food. 
 and the Scallop were the seafoods that we had. 
At least they have a bar in the back where you can grab some drinks and apps to kill the time. 
The quality of the food is very good for AYCE KBBQ. 
 I went during lunch hours so the price was about $16. 
Food: Less fat on the meat. 
Went on a weekday during lunch time so there was no crowd and the meal was cheaper being $15 for the lunch special. 
 The down side of this is that they didn't taste too good. 
 it tasted like it was watered down or similar to the broth made from instant noodle packets. 
 fish cake. 
We had a la cart food from the lunch menu which still came with banchan. 
 They didn't even bother with offering us rice so it was a protein packed dinner with little servings of ban chan. 
 The dinner was actually a great deal at $23. 
Came here for my sisters bday lunch on a Tuesday. 
 and getting you all the food you need. 
 probably during lunch time. 
 because lunch is only $15. 
 we already knew what we wanted so we ordered our meat and drinks right away. 
 I had to track someone down for our drinks. 
 maybe for lunch when it shouldn't be as busy or hectic. 
- - food - -
 dip in the sauces provided for an extra taste. 
 it makes it taste that much better. 
i don't know why i thought this tasted so good. 
 i swear there was a different taste added to this steamed egg compared to other restaurants. 
 not only for the food. 
 I was referring to the yummy food. 
 the food and the service were exceptional. 
 I think it's around $24 for the basic dinner AYCE. 
especially because there is a bar (The Back Room) connected to it so that you can hang out and get a drink to whet your appetite. 
 My BF started adding stuff to it to make it taste better. 
The food was yummy. 
  The food also came out pretty quick which is awesome. 
 I'm not a huge drinker. 
  But considering how good the food is here. 
 I noticed some plates of brisket tasted almost marinaded while others didn't. 
Would I want to try my luck at dinner?  Probably not. 
 After two rounds of drinks our buzzer went off. 
99 dinner menu. 
 The food and the service were on point. 
 About 90 minutes of gut-busting food gorging finished me. 
However the downside is that their prices for dinner sky rocket which is a big increase from their reasonable lunch price 
All that trouble and the Food 
 we've come early to beat the dinner crowd. 
  Really great KBBQ food and drink and service all around. 
 your drinks. 
99USD dinner price. 
 drink a couple shots of soju and enjoy the welcoming atmosphere that Mr. 
This restaurant is a little bit pricier than most of the K-town AYCE KBBQ places with the lowest tier of their dinner menu being priced at $22. 
  I believe you can order drinks too (non alcoholic). 
  I came through on the weekend so there wasn't the usual lunch deal of 14. 
  I had Eight a couple of days ago (which specializes in pork belly and even that didn't taste as good as this). 
 and the food was pretty good (on the same level as other KBBQ places). 
(Last note: the weekend AYCE price is the dinner price: $20. 
 Lunch: $15)
FOOD. 
 food is delish. 
 Food and service are A1 top notch. 
 When they came around for our third round saying that it's the last time we could order food because they were closing soon. 
 there was no way we could finish all of the food. 
The wait during lunch time is around 10-15 minutes which isn't bad at all. 
 There are also FOUR types of pork belly on the lunch menu and they were all fantastic. 
I love this place and will definitely be back for the fine service and delicious food. 
 and you can drink while you wait for your table. 
 they actually have a big waiting area where you can actually order drinks & play some board games to make the time pass by quicker. 
 The food was whatever taste like any other Korean bbq place. 
Food: Best Korean bbq joint in Orange County. 
  It seems like their marination it spot on with the meat or seafood they offer. 
 The quality of their meat here just tastes a lot better than a lot of places I've been to. 
 Their seafood was also very spot on. 
 they definitely know how to prep a mean kbbq dinner. 
Service: Their food is what keeps me coming back . 
 Their food is amazing and their customer service is even better. 
99 for premium menu (for dinner) 
The prices for dinner 1 is around $23 and to upgrade to dinner 2 is about $30. 
 There are better quality meat of course in dinner 2. 
 For lunch you can also order dinner menu so don't you worry. 
 very great place for family dinners. 
Food:  oh my goodness everything is definitely super DieLicous. 
 the taste in the meat in the way its marinated and the way they do things is so organized and no clusterF**** 
Great food and way better than Gen BBQ . 
Food: 
* Drinks: They have beer towers here. 
 and yummy food
If you were to do a blind taste test with the meat here and from another KBBQ place. 
 Meat tastes like any other meat. 
 it tasted great . 
 along with drinks. 
 We probably got about 2-3 plates of brisket because it's quick to cook and it tastes great. 
 After a couple drinks. 
 perhaps the change in taste is to shed light on my upcoming trip to Korea? Lol. 
 Maybe I'll try to go during lunch to avoid the crazy crowds. 
 Wish I could've rated the food. 
 Also the pricing is on the higher end of kbbq with dinner low at $20 per person. 
 The beef belly is like little fatty pieces of meaty perfection - it's really hard to describe taste lol. 
You cook the food yourself on a table with a grill. 
 The waiter was very friendly and explained the process a d regularly came back to change our grill because the food gets burnt on them. 
 wait for food to be cooked. 
 the food. 
 The two stews we got? Oh my god? Do you people even know what its supposed to taste like? No. 
 Tasted it once and didnt touch it again. 
 you handled the lunch rush so well. 
The food here is always superb. 
  Go to the bar on the other side of the building to get a drink or two while you're waiting. 
  The premium is pretty awesome too - you'll be able to get seafood options. 
Food Selection: 5 Stars
  Go at lunch when the line is more reasonable. 
THE FOOD: 
One thing I will say is that they took off the mr BBQ meat and egg soup off their lunch menu. 
 guess I just have to come back for dinner. 
 I've had my fair share of lunches and dinners here. 
 If you come for dinner & have a long wait. 
 Good place to kill time & have a few drinks. 
The standard PAYCE on weekends is the dinner on weeknights. 
 We tried every beef and seafood option on the list and threw in the Teriyaki chicken as well. 
 which had a great taste. 
  Christine seriously has made me question every putting up with the way sub par service we have gotten here and there for the sake of decent food. 
   We decided on the all you can eat lunch which is reasonably priced at $14. 
The service was fantastic and the quality of meat was fresh tasted great and seemed to be of the highest quality. 
The only negative is they do not have a soda fountain and only serve their soft drinks in a can. 
