 I didn't want to waste the food. 
As for the food. 
 We had to take half of our food to-go. 
 If you don't care for the quality of the food or service and just want to watch a football game. 
 the pineapple did not taste fresh and might have been straight out of a can. 
 the pizza was layered with way too much cheese which masked any other flavors except the strange pineapple taste. 
 I can see myself stopping by for appetizers and a drink. 
 ours and ignored us for over twenty minutes without one person even coming up to ask what we would like to drink. 
 let alone order food. 
 received food and drinks. 
I can't say anything bad about free food. 
 It had a weird taste to it. 
 The drinks could do better. 
 There was nothing wrong with the whiskey portion of the drink. 
 I couldn't tell what I was drinking. 
 we saw that they set aside a glass of coke to make their drinks. 
 The server was nice about it and went back to the kitchen to get another glass of coke to make our drinks. 
 i feel sorry for whoever orders the next drink that needs coke. 
 I hate to say although we really like the food we will not be returning to this location. 
 and the food was decent. 
Three stars for food. 
 along with the food and drinks. 
 Not only was she completely absent when trying to order food . 
 I just wanted the quality of the food to match. 
 I had looked down at my watch and realized we had been here for over 15 minutes without so much as an acknowledgment from a server let alone a drink order being placed. 
  As I looked around I noticed that all 3 other booths seated after us had drinks and servers coming to the tables to take orders. 
The only plus for the night was the delicious In & Out Burger for saving the day and finally allowing us the food and beverage we so craved. 
They have a wide variety of food to choose from. 
 service and food was outstanding . 
We ordered a bunch of happy hour food (HH ends at 7 pm) and the food came out hot and fresh. 
 food was tasty. 
The best part of the whole experience is definitely the food. 
 We began with soft drinks and garlic knots (my fave. 
 The drinks came out quickly - then the knots. 
 Here comes the food. 
 The lady who sat us was also running food. 
 we enjoy our food. 
 a large meat pizza and a few rounds of drinks. 
Expect to wait even longer for your food. 
 a solid 15-20 for drinks. 
Mediocre food and beers on tap. 
The food was slighty on par with BJs and Yardhouse. 
 or other bar inspired foods. 
 so our food was going to take longer. 
 especially since we came just as the rush of the dinner crowd came. 
  Bartender hubby made me a strong drink. 
 he made me another drink. 
 we didn't have any food in our new place because we just moved in. 
All of the foods were piping hot. 
  We went to the one in Tustin by our house and we weren't impressed with the food or service. 
  Food. 
Food: 5. 
  We sat at the bar and trying to find our waitress the entire time we were there after she took our food orders was a mission in itself. 
Food is 4. 
It was a slow day and it took forever for the food to come out and 10 minutes for a scoop of ice cream?. 
 The food was good. 
 Average bar type restaurant food. 
Now for the food. 
 The bread and beef itself was just too dry and tasteless I couldn't finish start on the second slider. 
 Frozen wings taste better. 
 dry and tasteless. 
 If I ever get dragged back here and forced to order a pizza yet alone their food. 
 I rather just watch them at home and enjoy better food from the freezer isle. 
every time we come here the food is really good and the service is good as well. 
As for the food. 
As far as food goes. 
  My husband had the fish tacos and he said they were good as well. 
 We were seated fairly quickly and given our menus and we're able to get in one round of drinks in before happy hour ended. 
 almost like drinking water. 
 I tasted the lemon that I squeezed in more than the beer. 
I also ordered the fish and chips which were (surprise. 
 just like the fish. 
 the fish was much better mostly because the tartar sauce had a nice flavor to it. 
 My friend ended up getting the chicken parmesan that looked like something out of a banquet dinner box. 
 Her chicken parm was cold and tasted like it was just microwaved. 
 Their coleslaw was brown and tasted like it was made days ago and was just sitting out drying up waiting for someone to order it. 
 I had almost all of my food left and she didn't even offer a box. 
 Then all the "What happened?" "What's wrong?" "Was it the food?" questions started. 
Oggi's does a lunch special from 11am-4pm. 
 Before ordering from the lunch special menu. 
 I asked my server if I was allowed to use my VIP card with the lunch special. 
 I also ordered a drink that was 2. 
49 for the drink(the drink was ok). 
 apparently you can't use the VIP card with the lunch special. 
Two massive breaded and fried chicken breast pieces pounded down and severed on top of pasta that unfortunately was served with the same tasteless sauce. 
 Food was inedible. 
Today at lunch. 
  This is lunch folks--we don't have all day. 
  Good food. 
One time we watched the assistant manager smoke a cigarette and chit chat with the manager outside while my food order was wrong. 
 I need to go back to focusing on the food. 
 Come in for happy hour to get good food & drink specials. 
You can get a similar menu at a much better value and taste elsewhere in Fullerton. 
I took my roommate here today for lunch and we were both extremely hungry. 
 The hostess finally emerged from the kitchen to give 3 people waiting with their to-go food and seated us. 
 may give their take-out a try since the food is quite tasty. 
 The food was cold. 
 and the fries tasted like they been sitting for a while. 
 I managed to sit at the bar until 10:08 without being acknowledged  or offered a drink. 
The entrees just taste like any other typical brewery pizza spot- nothing special. 
 Come in for happy hour to get good food & drink specials. 
You can get a similar menu at a much better value and taste elsewhere in Fullerton. 
I took my roommate here today for lunch and we were both extremely hungry. 
 The hostess finally emerged from the kitchen to give 3 people waiting with their to-go food and seated us. 
 may give their take-out a try since the food is quite tasty. 
 The food was cold. 
 and the fries tasted like they been sitting for a while. 
 I managed to sit at the bar until 10:08 without being acknowledged  or offered a drink. 
The entrees just taste like any other typical brewery pizza spot- nothing special. 
 in the end it was the food that was mediocre. 
 We were greeted promptly at the desk and our waiter was quite prompt with menus and taking our drink order. 
 Had to ask for silverware and napkins twice and when my friend arrived took forever to get someone's attention to get him a beer and food. 
 Highly disappointed in service food was enough to give them 2 stars. 
 ^^ not going to complain too much on free food
 they have great food and beer too. 
The mini cheesecake dessert is worth saving room for as well and definitely check out the lunch specials. 
