 when I arrived I did not get my food until 1:16pm all while people who were walk ins waited in line. 
 got their food and left all the time I was there waiting for my food because it wasn't ready. 
 my food order was incorrect & missing items. 
I love Panda Express for their food . 
So on to the food. 
 The food didn't leave me wanting more or thinking what I want on my next visit. 
 ran out of food. 
  Unfortunately no other half decent Chinese fast food around the area. 
 it tasted pretty bad. 
 I decided to be nice since the food was delicious and fresh and give you 2 stars. 
Then the line to order food is horrifically long. 
  They have only 2 people working behind the counter during dinner rush hour. 
 and can't restock food items fast enough. 
 15 minutes to order my food. 
  My chow mein noodles were burnt and tasted smoky gross. 
  And my egg roll tastes like a hot dog. 
TASTE:
 don't make up for lame food. 
It's now 24 minutes into the lunch rush and 5 customers have been waiting off to the side for their selections to be cooked. 
 never seen one so poorly staffed and run especially at lunch time. 
The food was awesome
 What I really liked is that when I went to pay the cashier attending me gave me a free drink because we decided to wait :) which was nice. 
  There were like 3 servers on the food line and the 1st lady (American gal) seems pretty nice and doesn't skimp. 
The 2nd staff  (old Chinese lady) who worked at the main section of the food line. 
 I left the store with a pretty bad taste. 
  All in all it was a successful trip to a chain fast food place. 
 Food? Whoever the cooks are. 
-great taste(consistent to other Panda Expresses)
  Food is always reliable and service is typically exceptional and right on point. 
  I just ask for half the amount of starch and its still more than enough food. 
 panda express food is the same . 
thats why if i want american i go to mcdonalds and if i want chinese fast food. 
  It tasted OK. 
  The tangy taste is sooooo good when fresh. 
 they were trying to sell what they had as to not waste food. 
  That's some stiff fast food competition for you my friends. 
