I like the food here they have really good dough and toppings very fresh and great tasting . 
 sausage  and all the topping tasted really good way better quality than other pizza places . 
 you go down the food line to create your meal. 
 The pizza tasted as good as it looked. 
 and mouthwatering good taste. 
My friend and I agreed on a late lunch and arrived at 3 PM. 
For the price and the amount of food I get on my personal pizza. 
Good food - loud place. 
 During lunch times. 
 Wild Thoughts run through my mind as I try to remember what the last slice I ate tasted like. 
 food has arrived and i sit stagnant as i stare at what I have wanted for months. 
The crust is super thin and the pizza taste really good. 
 it's like $8 for the pizza and with a drink it's about $10. 
The staff and food here are the best. 
 if you hit lunch. 
dinner time. 
 great food. 
ter and Red Sauce (Tastes GREAT together) 
 I went on a Sunday and had a early dinner so there wasn't much of a line. 
 Huge dinner rushes probably come and go. 
 I'd consider it fast food. 
 it tastes a lot better than you 'd expect and definitely a go-to. 
 quality of the food is pretty good for a medium sized pizza with unlimited toppings. 
 A pizza dinner that you can customize with your own toppings that costs around $10 is not only delicious. 
- the taste of the food is better than other places I've been
 Just order your pizza and drink and have a sat. 
 you serve yourself drinks so it's all you can drink. 
 so that way you know where to deliver the food instead of walking around looking all lost calling out David. 
  we ended up having way too much food left over. 
  Anyone who loves having the ability to customize their food will fall in love with this place. 
You can customize your own food. 
 the fountain drink tasted like wax. 
Because of their decline to level of 'fast food' mentality. 
Awesome taste. 
 I cant wait for lunch so I can eat the other half of the pie I ordered and ate half of yesterday. 
This is definitely going to be one of my go to lunch places in the area. 
Pieology tastes better then the competition. 
 the pizza was runny and very bland compared to how it tasted when they first opened. 
 the line was pretty long because I went during lunch time. 
 its a great deal here for lunch and dinner. 
Food:  SO GOOD. 
 The sauce was tasted very watery. 
7:07pm: Ok so the food came out really fast. 
 But I was disappointed that I could not get a good taste of the red sauce. 
 I probably would not return as compared to other pizzas I have tasted. 
 the way he commented about my pizza (which tasted devine by the way) was intently rude. 
  Expect to wait in line for about 20-30 min during dinner time. 
  I couldn't really taste anything. 
For the food. 
My Verdict is that the pizza tasted alright. 
 my foodie ego says "Man Vs Food finish it. 
 Pieology exploded onto the OC foodie scene very much like how Michael exploded onto the tennis scene a few decades ago. 
 especially during lunch hour. 
FOOD: I always choose my own toppings. 
 good food. 
 The line gets really long during peak dinner time. 
I tasted the other pizzas that my group created and the sausages were delish as well as the roasted peppers and pepperoni. 
 just like this place which kind of re-invents a very old food concept. 
 drinks and ding dongs (Yeah. 
  I prefer to taste my toppings vs eating a gutbuster Pizza Hut version that is all crust. 
 The greatest part is that it truely tastes fresh. 
 once I tasted my first slice. 
 the toppings tasted great. 
  Although they also have bottled drinks. 
The food is probably more like a four star. 
I prefer the taste of 800 degrees in Westwood's crust. 
Great Food
 tasted good and had all the crap I like. 
 just eat it and remember next time to tell them to cook it just a little longer  4+****Star food
 that you can customize to suit your on tastes. 
 I just love the concept and how fast and delicious the food is. 
 you would be able to fully appreciate the tastes that comes with them. 
 if you need your quiet time during a romantic dinner this is NOT the place for you. 
 Expect to see people of all backgrounds enjoy their food and buddies. 
Food. 
Drinks: The good thing about these type of places is that the food can taste good or bad. 
 filling lunch. 
dinner. 
 I'm giving a 4 for the food. 
Food: 
Drinks: 
Bottled drinks or refillable soft drinks on the side
 it was my first time and it was really rude that they didn't even give me 5 seconds to pick my food. 
 We liked the pizza so much we were even craving the pizza the following day and we considered going back for lunch. 
 this time I had the worst food poisoning. 
  I have never had food poisoning before so this was a traumatic experience for me. 
I'd classify pieology as a fast food joint. 
 you order off a board and have your food in about 10 minutes. 
 the place can get packed around lunch time. 
 They bake a smaller pizza and toss it some cinnamon sugar and glaze for a great after dinner treat. 
 it's a clever food option for the hungry college student. 
 tastes kinda like Blaze
 the pizzas taste very similar. 
 I went back to Blaze after and found their taste slightly more in my preference. 
 there was seating and the food was ready. 
 Recommended for any lunch or dinner when craving pizza. 
 You won't get this amazing taste out of any delivery pizzas out there and def not for less than $10. 
I assumed it would take a while to get our food . 
 we got it within like 10-12 minutes after ordering our food. 
it tasted like disappointment
 great taste. 
  If you got $8 to spend for dinner. 
 good food. 
 which they were - if you don't like the taste of the mix of toppings you put on. 
 choose a drink and whether or not you want a ding dong - have a seat and wait for your name to be called - then eat. 
 add a drink and. 
Mozzarella: Tastes like whole milk mozs. 
 after I order for my food to come. 
the taste is indescribable. 
Only downside is that there can be a bit of a line if you go during rush hour lunch time. 
 The cheese was oOey gOoey and the pesto added a creaminess to it that just hit all of my taste buds. 
 a great dinner. 
Don't expect a quiet dinner here. 
We hoped that the taste of our pizza would be so divine that we'd overlook everything else. 
 We found the thin pizza to be a bit undercooked and rather tasteless. 
 savory and pungent notes in my food so this creation really hits the spot. 
As for the taste? What's better than to eat a creation filled with your favorite toppings? 
 for $9 I got a good sized pizza and a drink. 
I used the 10% off yelp deal when I checked into this place as long as I bought a drink so it was all good. 
 I'd say -- about being able to customize your food. 
FOOD:
 the food is great and worth trying if you're craving pizza. 
 luckily the pizza tastes good no matter what you put on it. 
The place was super packed and I thought I'd never get my food. 
 with a drink. 
If you're a true foodie. 
 it was really cold inside the restaurant during dinner time. 
 taste. 
 so much food. 
 The meatball topping was ground up and tasted so good. 
 the food kicked ass. 
  Not sure what that mess was going to taste like. 
  At lunch time. 
  They bring the food to your table. 
