 It was too much food. 
 But the price is compensated by their cleanliness in their decor and food. 
 I found their lunch special to not only be tasty . 
  All lunch specials come with an egg roll and a small portion of fried rice. 
If you're in the area for lunch and looking for some pho I would recommend this place. 
Food: I loved the taste of the flavorful broth & tender brisket. 
 definitely would recommend this joint if you're craving Vietnamese food in Fullerton. 
The dining room is clean and the lights are dim and inviting for you to stay awhile and enjoy the food. 
now to my food. 
 overall the food is great. 
The food is okay. 
 I come during the lunch special when they give you the extra eggroll & friend rice along with your pho. 
 They just take your order & give you your food . 
 bf ordered the seafood pho. 
 The sauce didn't really taste like the peanut sauce I was used to. 
Had some of the boyfriend's seafood pho. 
 and the broth tasted a lot better. 
 seafood was the frozen. 
They have an awesome combo deal for lunch and dinner where you can get your choice of pho with an egg roll and fried rice for about $1 more depending on which one you choose. 
 Food - Just your average Vietnamese BBQ pork
  I went with friends before the lunch rush (approximately 11:30am). 
Menu: There is a special lunch menu that has 3 items (ranging from pho and appetizer or vermicelli and appeteizer for around $10). 
 and everything else tasted bland. 
The noodles were great - I liked the texture and taste. 
 But the broth lacked flavor and tasted weak. 
 I recommend coming here for their lunch specials. 
 Even though service was friendly and they bring the food out to you in a timely manner. 
 the lack of taste was bothersome. 
 I couldn't even drink water without it coming back out until around 6-7 PM the next day. 
 Below average food (besides the Pho). 
 The seafood omelette is ok . 
My food came fairly quickly. 
 The food was delicious. 
A+ food. 
I had the seafood pho which hit the spot. 
 foods taste good. 
We will drive littler further to get cheaper and about the same quality food. 
This place average food price is $9~$10. 
My bf ordered the BBQ pork rice under my recommendation cause no place that claims to be vietnamese can mess up that grilled pork with the tasty fish sauce drizzle. 
 appearance and taste wise. 
Food 4. 
spices or water down the fish sauce. 
 all the food is missing some kind of flavor maybe to cater to a certain palate. 
 All in all a great hole in the wall for authentic vietnamese food. 
The only minor detail that may have distorted my taste buds then was that I was pretty hungover. 
Anyway this place did an amazing job to cure my hangover and also created a great eating experience with quality food. 
 She said it tasted okay. 
 On to the food. 
 It's probably just a personal reaction I have to something in the food and not their fault. 
You can tell you are eating fresh food and not pre-package from the local vendor. 
 and my friend ordered a fish curry rice dish that was delicious. 
They just didn't have some other Vietnamese food items and beverages. 
 they did not stray from the real taste of traditional dishes. 
 I had to raise my hand and wave it side to side in order to be noticed so that our food can be brought out. 
 and the explanation of people wanting a relaxing environment and enjoy dinner. 
 *enjoy what dinner? It hasn't even been brought out. 
In conclusion this establishment has horrible service for mediocre food. 
 You receive a friendlier environment at any other food restaurant. 
 For the price I paid here I could go to Pho 45 at Garden Grove (excellent place) and eat twice and with a real pho taste. 
 Who knows what she would do to my food. 
My side of veggies tasted old and cost $2. 
 It tasted like eggs and white rice. 
 both tasted like something was missing. 
 fish sauce was very light as well. 
 the food wasn't good. 
 Nothing special about the food here and the small bowl of Pho is tiny compared to the small or regular sized bowls at other nearby Pho houses. 
 I always feel I pay too much and get too little food at this place and their sister restaurant. 
 Lunch here the other day will also be my last. 
While their food is not BLOW ME AWAY DELICIOUS. 
 and the people here are very attentive and the food is WELL PRICED. 
Really affordable yummy food. 
 I couldn't get the taste out of my mouth for the whole meal--it was a very strong salty taste--. 
 I took a tentative sip of the new glass of water he brought me and it tasted like soap. 
When the food came out. 
 The food speaks for itself. 
 this restaurant has probably a similar taste to that. 
 and they have lunch specials for less than 10 dollars which includes small pho. 
 It tasted watered down as if they just filled the pot with water when it was running low. 
 Didn't taste the spices or that hint of pork bones. 
 I think we got a steal for all the food we got. 
Food: mediocre
Food. 
I like to eat my pho plain and simple--to really taste all the flavors. 
 Taste-wise. 
 In this gap was all sorts of nasty food and trash particles that probably hasn't been cleaned out in god knows how long. 
Didn't wait long for the food and the food was so flavorful. 
The spring special for dinner is perfect . 
 well with some fish. 
 I should only rate this place for the food. 
  I'd give a hole in the wall a 5 star if the food was fantastic. 
 2 drinks = $22. 
 Food. 
 The carrot slices kind of tasted like soap. 
 Charged full price for food we barely ate for something they had control over. 
 the quality of food was not up to a standard. 
 and food came out reasonably quickly. 
 that's enough food. 
 Will return for their lunch special (M-F $5. 
The food itself was really good. 
 The only thing I put in my Pho is a little bit of lime juice after I taste the broth. 
I know that she hates to eat Vietnamese food
But tonight my taste buds she wants to please
That put the taste buds in my mouth ill at ease
the food's good . 
 taste was fine. 
  Overall the food was very good and service was friendly and prompt. 
 and comfy booths and they have extremely eclectic taste in music. 
Foodwise. 
 I am extremely sensitive to food containing MSG - I get a headache. 
stomach ache immediately after consumption- so I am amble to confidently say that Pho Olivia does not use any MSG in their food because I have not felt these symptoms any time that i've dined here. 
healthy food. 
 Just as the food. 
 the beef didn't taste to fresh. 
 I had the spring rolls without mint (the only thing I don't eat) and it tasted bland. 
 It tasted like coconut meat. 
My friends & I frequent this place a lot for it's good food and friendly. 
 this is also the only Vietnamese restaurant i go to where I have ordered food other than Pho. 
NO MSG = missing pho sweetness = not quite authentic taste
 the food is excellent. 
Seafood - Yes. 
  Wham bam thank you ma'am I had my food--all with that lovely smile. 
Food
  I will pay higher prices for great tasting food. 
 and once you order seafood. 
 Hopefully I just came in on a bad day and that normally food taste awesome here. 
 I've tasted the croque monsieur and chicken curry skewers. 
FOOD AND VALUE
  That was some of the most tender chicken I've ever had from an asian food grill. 
FOOD: 2 star
 the broth was so clear that it literally felt like I was drinking hot watered down soup that had no richness to it. 
Definitely regretted getting this cause not only was the spring roll's rice paper kinda hard and super chewy on my end (it's suppose to be soft when fresh) and the fillings inside where so sparse that you literally just taste the noodles and pieces of mint. 
 It was taste-less and unappetizing. 
 all they pretty much did was just take your order and drop off your food at your table. 
 and tasted even better. 
 and the taste of the coconut milk in the egg was not at all overpowering. 
 The chargrilled taste of the pork was an A+. 
 The shrimp released taste with every chew. 
The owner was clearly delighted to see us enjoy her food and takes well earned pride in it. 
  It doesn't taste overly salty like other places. 
  All the food is very fresh and so far everything we've ordered has been equally as good. 
 we were very happy with our dinner. 
 and we're both originally from the San Gabriel area which is like the mecca of all Asian related foods so I've had plenty of pho. 
 The broth didn't taste too sweet or anything. 
 Food is great and service is great. 
 lunch was dissatisfying for me that day. 
 it did become pretty watered down to the point where I could barely taste the flavor of the Thai Tea. 
 The serving size was quite generous and the food itself came to me quickly. 
 The presentation of the food itself was nice. 
 the servers still helped us and served us with a smile and were even able to refill my drinks almost instantly. 
 their food was also excellent. 
  This restaurant is a very cozy and romantic setting if you want to go out for lunch or a date. 
 tastes best) and it's usually the perfect size. 
 Within a handful minutes of sitting down they took my order and my food was at the table. 
 that's because normally when I go out for food I go to where my friends are which is other parts of Fullerton and the surrounding cities. 
 casual with a very mild formal taste. 
 Never tasted broth like it before. 
Taste:  Fair. 
  Will probably opt for a dirtier place for better food next time. 
 My sister then asks for just the milktea that is the basic tea you drink boba with. 
 We get our food. 
And the best part? The whole time we were eating our food. 
 all the servers basically disappeared into the kitchen or back room somewhere after we got our food. 
 I honestly could not get over how great my pho tasted that day. 
 I took another two bites after that because I could not get over how good the rice tasted. 
 my pho did not taste as great as the first time. 
 The broth had tasted a little different and not as rich. 
Food: 10. 
 Food arrived within minutes of orders (literally the fastest sit down service I've ever had). 
 they wanted to have dinner here. 
 The food is amazing. 
I wasn't sure what to get so I just ordered the same as my friend (veggie and tofu pho and young coconut water [?] to drink). 
 everything tasted good. 
 the produce appeared and tasted fresh. 
This food establishment is located in a dingy dirty strip mall. 
 for the amount of food you get the price is worth it. 
They have a cheesy singer with a guitar on Friday nights which kinda ruined my dinner. 
food was still good though. 
My food was served rather on the cool side. 
 or lemon before scooping up a spoonful of the broth to taste. 
 not too much star anise taste or smell. 
  The food is just what I expect to get and tasty. 
Highly recommend anyone who wants to eat good vietnamese food to come here. 
- Was excited to drink the thai ice tea . 
 The tea itself tasted extremely watered down and the boba was all crumbled up and weird at the bottom. 
 Told them in the nicest way possible with a smile that it tasted watered down thinking maybe they just messed up on this one drink. 
 The waiter just poured more of the same bland drink in after removing some of the ice. 
I love the lunch specials. 
  The broth tasted clean. 
 it's a good local place with good food and the restaurant was clean. 
 they still tasted fine. 
Food was good. 
 chicken and seafood. 
 I know the taste when I try it. 
On to the food. 
 The broth tastes very clean and the quality of meat is excellent. 
Let's talk about the food now. 
 food. 
 even for our drinks (&& we were the only customers there . 
-) The food was ehh also. 
 I'm a soda drinker. 
 It tasted the SAME. 
 & I didn't even drink it. 
The food was excellent. 
 ask our opinion on the food. 
Food is always tasty and good. 
  Here you get good food and good service with an ambience of RELAX . 
 One waiter also had pretty good service and came to refill our drinks without being asked. 
 I looked for drinks such as my usual soda chanh muoi (pickled lemon soda) and soda sua hot ga (egg soda) . 
  Everything tastes very fresh and clean. 
