 it's easy to get burnt out on Thai food. 
 I'm ready to burn myself out on this Thai food. 
 Like I said hit or miss (50% chance you will get good food): 
You know it's a miss when the pad thai tastes like nothing . 
  Whenever we have our thai food cravings. 
  Reasonable for the amount of food you get. 
 and for the quality of food. 
Food: I personally don't like to try new things lol so I just stick to my favorites. 
 It tasted good with rice mixed in. 
 Right down the street from CSUF which is so nice for the students there to get some authentic Thai food. 
Food:
The check was dropped off with our food. 
 love love love the food. 
But the food is really overpriced considering how little the portion is. 
  The green jasmine tea tasted and smelled like soapy water. 
 the wait time to receive our food was long-at least 40 minutes. 
 it certainly took a loooong time to receive our food. 
Food: I ordered the veggie pad Thai. 
 It was a pretty small portion compared to other Thai restaurants I've gone to and taste-wise. 
Food (ranking): family style. 
 Catfish Curry
 Might have been the first time I've tried catfish to be honest haha
 My friends like spicy food so we chose two non spicy and two spicy. 
Time during a hectic week to make dinner every day. 
 I can't even describe the taste of the soup. 
 fish. 
 The Pad Thai has been really tasty too (PEANUTS IN THIS DISH) They do offer lunch specials . 
 I'll be honest and say I haven't been here for lunch. 
 I do think your kids can take in food from other restaurants . 
 if my kids ever go with me I just might try because of the food allergy situation my son has. 
  The sauce in the fish with ginger and the calamari with basil were both packed with flavor. 
Tips: They can get pretty busy during lunch and dinner. 
FOOD
 The boyfriend tried the lunch special which we both weren't a fan of. 
 I noticed many people that drop by for lunch are regulars - they were addressed by their name and sit at their usual table. 
 We were seated and then left with our menus for a good 10 to 15 minutes with no one coming to get our drink order. 
 Two other parties were sat after us and were served drinks and taken orders before we were. 
returned the food and got my money back. 
Food is served HOT. 
 so we know what real Thai food is and are used to excellent service. 
I think the food still tastes the same which is delicious. 
 then it took about 30 minutes before someone asked if we wanted drinks while a party on the next table were seated about 5 minutes after us and they had their drinks and were able to order and get their food before we even got drinks. 
I personally love their Dinner Specials (Lemon Chicken) They give you so much and it definitely hits the spot. 
 Within five minutes I ordered beef Panang from the dinner menu with sticky rice. 
 The owner told me that he could give me that choice as a lunch with two appetizers. 
 My total lunch price was $11. 
 My only recommendation would be anyone desiring a bigger food serving when ordering lunch buy from the dinner menu at that serving size and price. 
I was finished with lunch by 12:40 PM. 
 they have lunch specials 
 Food is pretty good . 
 add more food. 
The food is absolutely amazing. 
-Decent food and decent prices
-Busy during prime hours(lunch mostly)
 They also have a daily lunch menu with a lot of choices. 
This place is just an authentic Thai restaurant the foods amazing I always come here for the pad Thai or any of the noodle dishes and if I want it spicy hot. 
Overall it's a good place for some real good Thai food
 But hey- everyone has different taste. 
 Also did not taste so great. 
Points for solid Thai food and ambiance. 
 I still love the food. 
 refilling drinks and pre-bussing tables. 
 it makes for a perfect lunch. 
 This place is really busy during dinner and unfortunately it's around that time that service starts to slack a little. 
There's a nice variety of drinks such as Thai tea or Thai iced coffee (highly recommended by the way) and several import and domestic beers. 
In short - good food. 
 busy dinners. 
I'm impressed with how good the service is considering how busy this place gets around dinner. 
 the soup and eggroll with the lunch menu have almost no taste at all whereas the fried wonton was totally average. 
 The pad see ew however had a good amount of taste. 
 the prices are outrageous for Thai food ($9 for most meals plus $2 for a small cup of rice?. 
 Food comes out pretty fast. 
The food wasn't that great enough for me to want to come back anymore and the service was terrible. 
 this is my favorite spot for lunch. 
 tasted way too bland
Spicy eggplant: A little too oily for my tastebuds
Food just didn't taste authentic enough. 
 spicy shrimp fried rice and catfish curry. 
 even during lunch time. 
 my suspicions were confirmed - it tasted like burned oil. 
Deep fried fish cake ($6. 
Thai coffee: not strong and borderline tasteless. 
 Not only is the food delicious and healthy. 
 it costs like $9 for a lunch combo that comes with rice. 
 I suggest dining here - Good prices - great food. 
They recommend  me so strongly 2 try Thai food rite here
This makes me open 2 eat Thai food
Let's get onto the food. 
 I've been to Thailand and I always tell people that most Thai food you get here in the U. 
 Their food is better. 
Helpful ordering information : just tell them how spicy you want your food and that's what you will get. 
 not so much you can't taste the food anymore. 
The food was "okay" to say the least. 
 Between the horrible service and mediocre food this is definitely not on my list to return to. 
 I don't think I've ever had pad thai so tasteless. 
 I found a hair in my food. 
 they have customers because the food is good. 
 I would definitely recommend Thai Basil for anyone craving Thai food in the Fullerton area. 
We found Thai Basil when our usual Thai food restaurant changed hands and the food quality took a dive. 
 The food is always. 
Food suggestions:
Looking at some of the other reviews I'm really surprised to see complaints about the service and the food. 
  They are always friendly and efficient and the food is always delicious. 
  Cloth napkins at dinner time and an actual page-turn menu. 
  Given that both locations do not have the BEST Thai food. 
The food overall seemed bland to me. 
 I'm not sure that lack of flavors equates healthy food. 
 when they made the food in a way they thought an American would like it. 
 Thai food varies depending on which part of the country you are in. 
  Lunch deals are great. 
 though Cal State is only blocks away and a lot of faculty and staff head there for lunch. 
Thai Basil is my favorite Thai food locally. 
 the food was superb. 
 either way the food is great. 
 I was impressed with how it tasted. 
Eggs were perfectly mixed into the noodles so that it had the soy sauce taste in it as well and it didn't just taste like eggs. 
 You really do get the check like 5 minutes after your food is brought to the table. 
 Drinks were refilled once they saw that it was almost empty. 
Typically when I review I compare against other Thai restaurants I've been to and the level of food standard and service. 
One thing that got me confused was that she went out of her way to mention that the lunch menu is available even during dinner. 
  We asked what the difference was and she said the lunch one is smaller. 
  We ordered the dinner portion . 
 when it came out it was clearly the lunch portion. 
The food was not bad. 
Each lunch comes with a small soup (the weakest part of the meal. 
 very busy at lunch time. 
 this place has some really tasty authentic thai food. 
 specially if you love spicy food. 
They had a egg drop soup (included in the lunch special) which was perfect for the chilly weather and their egg rolls and wontons are never overly breaded and crispy. 
 We were all very polite and ordered our food and drinks within 5 minutes of sitting down. 
I will probably give this restaurant another chance because the food was decent. 
 I can only imagine that the reason someone has given Thai Basil a poor rating is because of how crowded it gets and that it may have taken a while for them to get their food. 
 When? Every single day at lunch time. 
 and most always get the food out in a reasonable time is beyond me. 
Food is top notch. 
 Everything I get here tastes wonderful . 
Food can be a bit on the spicy end though. 
 i still feel that the food is spicy. 
Food: 
 They have great dinner and lunch deals that include appetizers and great thai tea. 
 The staff is friendly and quality of food is very tasty. 
 I had Thai food once before at this hole-in-the-wall spot in Anaheim on Gilbert and Lincoln. 
 they give you large portions of food here at Thai Basil. 
 as we were finishing up our foods. 
 Thai food is growing in popularity nowadays. 
 Such delicious food. 
Highly recommend this place for those who love Thai food. 
 or are curious to try out Thai food. 
 Their food packs some heat. 
 Salmon is a fish I hate. 
 it tasted SOUR. 
 It tasted old and I felt like I was going to get food poisoned. 
 they opened up a new milk carton and made me another drink. 
 It tasted better at first. 
 strangely again it started to taste sour. 
 It was kind of them to make me a new drink. 
 I know it's not just me because my boyfriend said it tasted sour. 
BUT it's okay because I care more about food than service. 
Both the sweets and I got the dinner specials which were $12 something and just enough for 1 meal. 
 Since last weekend's early dinner. 
FOOD:
 The food inside the soup was totally lacking. 
The only reason I come here is for the food. 
 Always have Lunch and dinner Specials. 
 Dinner is 12. 
 They are SO nice and go the extra mile to help you box your food and refill your water without asking. 
 i like the service & the food is consistent and tasty enough to satisfy my thai food cravings. 
I had the duck salad for my lunch. 
 You mix it yourself according to your own taste. 
The food is fresh. 
 Taste good every time. 
The food came out in 5 minutes. 
 Seems everyone got their food quickly. 
  With cheap lunches. 
 The food itself was average. 
 and the food was just ok. 
 the food here is OK and decent. 
 and flavorful food. 
 Thai Basil is a great spot to grab a quick bite for lunch or dinner. 
 My family was more annoyed that the waitress just left us boxes for us to box our own food yet the same waitress boxed the food of the table next to us. 
 We have no problems boxing food ourselves . 
  they give you the choice of how spicy you want your food from 1 to 10. 
 If I ever crave thai food. 
 Love their lunch specials. 
I go here whenever I'm craving thai food in the Fullerton area. 
 and food had always been delicious. 
Lunch specials have very good prices and satisfying portions. 
