

The service is great. 
  Although they're not as fast as other chains. 
 they're super friendly and they make sure your order is correct. 


They may be a little slow because its after 11pm. 
 so they may only have two people. 


Seems like they cooked it at 6:00am this morning. 
 they are hard and dry and cold. 
 Not good at all. 
 A waste of $1. 
49. 
 Who wants old hard cold food???



The customer service is terrible with an employee and her boyfriend spreading mulch and then going to the counter to take your order and to handle your food. 
 

The bathrooms CHARGE YOU to use them even if you just spent money in there. 
 this place should close immediately what a terrible franchise to allow this to happen. 







Substitute for water and pay the same. 


Lost my business . 


Tasty milkshakes though. 





But I will NEVER EVER go to *this* Burger King again. 





with that said. 
 i was on lunch. 
 i work at a next door retail location. 
 So having an eatery just next to us is great. 
 It was on 4. 
18. 
2015 midday around 2. 
. 
. 
 the lasy who took my order was by herself and it began to get busy. 
 I understand. 
 food and orders and even just people being who they are. 
. 
. 
 Patience is always good. 
 After several minute i began to work. 
. 
. 
(15min) and luckily the same attendee checked my order and was apologetic about the situation. 
 I didnt get mad i didnt bother her and i didnt show any digust. 
. 
. 
 as others would probably lose it by now. 
 She finally had my order ready. 
 and kindly said she was sorry it took long and that for my patience she placed a bag or newly hot fries (small) for my troubles. 
 I said thank you and walked out. 
. 
. 
 as i walked back to my location i realized how thoughtful she was. 
 how considerate to know that i was a person and not a number. 
 For that i hope the Management recognizes good people like this. 
. 
. 
 and off course ill continue going to this BK. 
. 
. 
not only for the food . 
 . 
 also for the service. 



Informed the white collared black tie. 
 bald Hispanic and no action was taken. 


Burger was still good. 
 I just wish it had the bacon


The cool thing is that they have one of those new coke machines that gives you like 100 options. 
 Love having Vanilla Coke. 





I get to my second whopper hoping that it was going to be much better than the first one. 
 nope it had the exact same problem. 
 Not even 15 minutes after finishing my whoppers my stomach starts swirling and I have a sensation to go to the bathroom. 
 Today my stomach is still messed up and I cant keep nothing in. 
 

I used to come here for the cheap whoppers. 
 . 
 I think after last night I will stay away from this Burger King. 
. 
. 
. 
unless you want the swirlies stay away. 



HOLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

&& I love their BK Mocha Joe's. 


There are a lot of employees working at a single time so the wait isn't ever bad. 
 unless there's a lot of people there. 
 . 
 then a wait would be expected. 
 of course. 



Way to gooooooooooooooooo. 
. 
. 
. 





Reese pie is sooooo delicious
Clean restaurant fast service




The server gave me the wrong item. 
 and it was more expensive then what I ordered. 
 When I let her know that it wasn't what I ordered. 
 instead of fixing it she replied "Yeah. 
 well that's what I gave you. 
" Then just stared at me like she expected me to take it anyway and leave. 
  

They have two coke machines in the dining room. 
 one was out of order the other had no carbonation. 
 I asked if they could fill up my drink behind the counter and they said that one was out of order too. 
 So I got tea. 
. 
. 
 maybe next time tell me you don't have soda before selling me one. 
 

Place is hot inside and dirty. 
 Horrible food quality compared to other Burger Kings. 



How can they claim to have air conditioning. 
 and claim that it's not broken now. 
 and yet also claim that they're going to get it fixed next week? When I asked this poor excuse for a manager. 
 Lizabeth. 
 to let me talk to somebody whom I could understand. 
 she turned her back on me and serviced the drive-thru window. 
 I waited there 4 feet away from her for five minutes while she continued to ignore my request before I walked away. 
 removed my long sleeve shirt. 
 and settle down for a sweaty meal. 


The windows drip with moisture. 
 One Coke machine is broken. 
 The other Coke machine dribbles out one ice cube at a time as if they were diamonds. 
 At lunch hour. 
 their busiest time. 
 we ate there virtually alone. 
 The very few others customers who braved that 90-degree hell-hole were gone in like 3 minutes. 


One of the English-speaking counter girls suggested that my sweating friend should stand underneath one of the air conditioning vents. 
 Me and my friend tried standing under every vent in their ceiling without detecting a breath of air from any of them. 
  Because. 
 like I say. 
 this place has no air-conditioning even though their rude manager. 
 Lizabeth. 
 says they do. 


The sandwiches were good and service was friendly at the drive thru. 

The problem was the way they bagged the order. 

The sandwiches on the bottom was fine. 

The fries on top would have been ok if they were not just tossed into the bag upside down. 
 When I removed the fries they all spilled out into the bag. 


This isn't a big  deal . 
 it was frustrating having to pull them from the bag. 


Service is slow at the drive thru. 
 If 2 or more cars are ahead of you. 
 it's  very easy to have to wait 15 minutes to get through. 






Thanks to BK for carrying this. 
  And icees too. 



Also. 
 it was near closing and they were really understaffed. 
 it took me FOREVER to get my drinks. 
 SURE. 
 they make them to order. 
 . 
 the ingredients were as artificial as my breast implants. 


To make matters even worse the smoothies tasted terrible. 
 It was like nasty flavored ice. 
 You have FAILED ME. 
 BURGER KING. 
 You should be called BURGER SLAVE because you are not worthy of such a title as "king. 
"

the bun on my burger tasted old and hard 
i've had better seriously worst experience
IAM HELLA MAD. 






That's pretty much the only thing which got me in the door at this BK. 
  The staff treats you like their doing you a favor. 
 the lobby is sort of depressing . 
 if you're hungry and don't have a lot of time there are worse places you could stop for a bite. 





If you ever have a problem. 
 talk to lito. 
 He is amazing. 



Because that is pretty much how I've always eaten at Burger King at breakfast time since I was a teenager. 
 and I am allergic to eggs (which nicks most of their traditional breakfast items. 
)

I went this morning and tried to order a Double Stacker. 
 I swear I work at the campus so I am here all the time. 
 This is not the first time I've ordered this at this location. 


"I'm sorry mam. 
 . 
 we don't have burgers yet. 
"

What? Okay. 
 so I skipped it and drove right on through. 
 At least there wasn't anyone sitting in line in front of me. 




Seriously ya'll. 

BK needs to put a sign stating: "The burgers are hella tiny". 


Stupid me. 
 I keep forgetting. 
 "Not to go anywhere except Jack-inthe-Crack. 
"



so im on a lunch break from work and i couldnt decide where to go. 
 so i thought maybe burger king would be good because it would be quick. 
 

i had two tacos. 
 small onion rings. 
 and a medium soda. 
 all for only under 5 dollars. 
 the manager was working and he had my food ready and i came to pick it up and checked my order for accuracy. 
 anddddddd you know what. 
 instead of the small onion rings. 
 he gave me small fries. 
 the cashier rang it up wrong i guess and the manager tarted to be rude to me and started yelling at me. 
 telling me that i had ordered fries not onion rings. 
 and he didnt want to change it. 
 because it wasnt what i "ordered"  honestly. 
 i dont see the problem in just changing it because small fries and small onion rings are both on the value menu for one dollar. 
 its the same price. 
 it wasnt necessary for him to be so rude to me and raise his voice. 
 customer service? not good
