


I've had a great burger from here and a down right. 
 premade. 
sitting below a hot lamp burger. 
 The quality of ingredients here is sub par to most other Carl's. 
 

Although it is convient. 
 I would rather cross the street and have something else. 



http:. 
. 
foryourreadingdispleasure. 
weebly. 
com. 
blog. 
fofofo-dollar-fast-food-plus-tax

Tucked away on the campus of CSUF behind Mihaylo Hall is a Carl's Jr. 
 my go to spot for food on campus. 
  Depending on when you come. 
 this place can go from either jam-packed to half full. 
  Because they offer a no-sales tax policy for CSUF students. 
 and is the onlyBurger spot on campus. 
 this place gets it's good haul of customers. 


I have never experienced the negative experiences with customer services others have had. 
  In fact. 
 one of the big ups about this place is how friendly everyone is. 
  

Because they run busy shifts. 
 there is a minor drop off in quality from other Carl's Jr's I've been too. 
 It usually comes down to the food sitting under the heat lamp a bit longer. 
 or food being not piping hot. 
  And. 
 I am personally okay with that. 
  

As long as Carl's Jr's as a whole continues to run their 4 dollar deal and I have classes on campus and don't have food on me. 
 this is where I'll go for my fast food fix. 
  Heck. 
 I might even come here if I packed food. 
  It's not that this place is just that good. 
 it's that. 
 in general. 
 fast food is that good to me. 


1. 
 Convenient 
Cons
1. 
 Sub par food 
2. 
 unfriendly 

Carls. 
 Jr. 
 is located on campus. 
  While it is convenient. 
 the food tastes terrible. 
 Other Carl's Jr. 
s taste 10 times better. 
 The service is not very good either. 
 The workers are not very friendly. 








I don't usually go to Carl's Jr. 
 . 
 I was starving and I wanted to buy some fries. 
 This location has a very LONG line because it's on campus. 
 I just read another reviewer saying that if you show you're student I. 
D. 
 we don't have to pay for tax?. 
 Say Whaaat?. 
 I'm going to try that next time. 
. 
 

Anyway. 
 I needed to get to class and was afraid I'd have to wait forever . 
 since I just ordered fries. 
 I got my order in a jiffy. 
 I also ordered a Snickerdoodle. 
 I seen the advertisement while I was ordering and being a dessert freak. 
 I couldn't resist it. 
 It's ice cream cookie sandwich. 
. 
. 
 Never had that before. 
. 
 It was so goooooooooooood. 
. 
   :))))))))))

Just a note if you're going to order sweet potato fries. 
 that is going to be a bit of wait because not many people order it so it's freshly made with every order. 
  :)

Refills are a buck and you have to get it before 30 minutes after your order. 
 Past 30 minutes and no refills for you. 
  :\

Thanks for reading. 
  Short as promised. 
. 
  :)))

 ~**kenzie**~


Cons: Food is very poor quality than other Carl's Jr. 
 3 out of 5 times most of the burgers are reheated and taste horrible. 
 Overall quality in other fast food restaurants and in other Carl's Jr. 
 are far superior than this one. 



I believe they get stingy with the amount of coffee grinds used to prepare the coffee. 
 It has to be in its preparation because I do not think a major food franchise like Carl's Jr would serve an inferior product. 
 I hope the management team will start implementing improvement strategies here by sampling the coffee themselves. 
 read these complaints and then reassess how their food and beverages are prepared. 
 

In the meantime. 
 the coffee here is a real bad option. 
 It is very unfortunate you cannot enjoy some decent coffee to go along with a breakfast burrito or a sausage & egg muffin. 
 There are a number of other places on campus for coffee lovers to get that cup of java and this Carl's Jr is one you should avoid. 



Here is why the low score
You are located on a state university campus with over 38000 students already. 
 Besides the summer break and winter break. 
 You will never lack any customer. 
 Forget to mentions. 
 CSUF is the third largest state university in the California. 
 You feel the need to put the soda machine behind the counter and charge a dollar for every refill?


I work on campus. 
 so I have eaten here many times over the years. 
 It's Carl Jr. 
  I know what to expect. 
 I've generally had good food. 
 usually prepared to order. 
 At times. 
 between classes. 
 for example. 
 it can get busy. 
 That's true anywhere. 
 

The selection is the same as at any CJ. 
 So are the prices. 
 When I don't want to go off campus. 
 it's fine. 
 and since I bring cash and I visit when I know it won't be busy. 
 I am in and out fairly quickly. 
 

I like that now there is one feeder line for ordering. 
 so you don't have to worry if one cashier is faster than another. 













Workers always seem pissed off. 
 annoyed. 
 or impatient. 
 Usually it's a combination of two of the three. 
 The manager tries to appear friendly and professional . 
 it's been four years and I can tell her front is slowly becoming more and more obvious. 
 She is no different than the employees in that it's obvious she hates her job and would rather be elsewhere (attitude. 
 actions. 
 tone of voice. 
 etc. 
)

A lot of times. 
 the students. 
customers don't hear their order being called which is obviously annoying for the employees. 
 plus they have random requests or are sometimes just idiots. 
 . 
 then again. 
 what do you expect from a customer service job? Guess the entire staff puts up with it because they need the money because I can't see them doing the job for fun. 


The most commonly ordered items are made in advance and placed under heat lamps. 
 fries taste slightly sour versus fries at any other Carl's Jr. 
s off-campus. 
 no free refills. 
 and you WILL get attitude or sometimes ignored outright if you try to show them your CSUF ID to get tax taken off your order. 
 Been realizing that most students know about the discount . 
 don't bother showing their ID in order to prevent any problems with the employees (seriously. 
 you're in the center of a public university. 
 basically everyone walking through the door is a student). 


Tip: If you want something that hasn't been sitting under a heat lamp. 
 order something like a six dollar burger or a premium chicken sandwich - they don't make those ahead in advance. 



Food sits for hours under heat lamps. 

Food tastes so bad my dog won't even eat it. 

Food is overpriced. 


Another strikeout for CSUF dining. 



Pros: Fast service before 11:30. 
 no tax with student I. 
D. 
. 
 cash only line opens during busy periods for those of us that remember to have cash on hand. 


Cons: 1 soda refill within 30 minutes of purchase. 
 $1 charge for debit (all Carl's do this). 




Me:  "Am I getting charged for using my debit card?"

Cashier:  "Yes. 
 and we charge for ranch dressing too. 
"

Me:  "Why didn't you tell me?  I have cash. 
"

Cashier:  "Because we don't have to. 
"  (with attitude)

I give her a dirty look. 


Cashier:  "Anyway. 
 it's too late. 
  I can't reverse the service charge so it doesn't matter anymore. 
"  (with even more attitude)

So I continued punching in my pin number. 
 irritated because the cashier was so rude. 
  I know her life must suck as a Carl's Jr. 
 cashier. 
 . 
 geeeeeeeeeez. 
 please notify your customers when you charge for extra stuff like that. 
  $1 is no biggie. 
 . 
 give us a courtesy heads up minus the attitude. 
  

As I walked away with my food. 
 she added. 
 "For future reference. 
 choose the credit option to avoid the fee. 
"  Uhhhhhh. 
 thanks for the late notice asshole. 
  You're the one who punched in 'debit' on your screen and made me pay that unnecessary fee. 


Overall. 
 worst customer service ever. 
  And the onion rings weren't even hot. 
  They were probably sitting there forever. 
  I hate this place. 


Oh well. 
 I'll just pretend I donated that $1 to her college fund. 
  I feel better already. 



Most everything is made ahead of time. 
 Unless you order something obscure or without an ingredient (which you can't do on the outside window). 
 what you're handed has been sitting a while. 
 

They also practice timed refills based on what size drink you ordered. 
 If you get a large. 
 you have 30 minutes to get your one free refill. 
 Less time for smaller sizes. 
 if you get any time at all. 
 The approximate time you ordered is written on your cup. 
 

This is the only place I've ever had trouble paying for something with my debit card. 
 Their machines are beaten. 
 with the number pad cracked from overuse. 
 Both times my card didn't work. 
 they kept giving me the run-around. 
 making me re-slide my card and enter a number. 
 muttering that it didn't work until a manager (the one short lady with the unnaturally high bangs) smugly goes. 
 "Tell her why" to the cashier who'll lean in and insinuate that it must not be working because I don't have money on the card. 
 They really make a scene of it. 
 and it ends up just wasting time and making the 20 people behind me upset that they couldn't get their soggy Super Stars fast enough. 
 

If you're a commuter and you either took the bus or don't want to lose your parking space. 
 . 
 still want to eat on campus. 
 there are better places a short walk around the corner. 


**UPDATE: They now only allow refills on large size drinks. 
 You have 30 minutes to pound that soda before you can get another one. 
 and depending on who's filling your order he or she might short you 10 minutes. 


On the plus side. 
 they still take off sales tax if you show them your school ID. 







avoid



2. 
 The iced coffee sucks
3. 
 The cheese wasn't even MELTED in my quesadilla. 
. 
. 
I mean that's really all you have to do to make a quesadilla is MELT the damn cheese. 
. 
. 
Come onnnnn. 





Maybe I got lucky. 
 because I am super surprised how low their rating is. 
  They always have great consistent service. 
 The place is pretty clean for the most part and the price is obviously great. 
 Above all. 
 everything you order is always hot. 
 fresh and yummy. 
 My ultimate favorite is of course their Shakes. 
 They got some serious flavors and are made with real ice creams. 
 Another yummy for my tummy. 
 I personally think that the Management in this location is doing an outstanding job holding the ship. 
  Will definitely be back very soon. 


Customer Service: 5. 
5
Price: 5. 
5
Quality: 5. 
5
Cleanliness: 4. 
5



Maybe i just came in a good day. 
 i don't know. 
 . 
 i came with 2 of my friends. 
 and we were just really surprised at how well they treated us. 
 my friends and i all agreed. 
 it was the best experience we had at a fast food restaurant. 
 it was a couple of dudes working in the front. 



Fast service by pleasant people. 
 The food was good so I am happy. 


The Carl's Jr. 
 In Orange on Main St. 
 Should send the people they have working there over here to see how it is done. 


The other nice thing is that it was clean and did not smell like sewage. 


I only give 5 stars to places that blow me away. 
 Theses guys did not blow me away . 
 they are very good. 
 Leaps and bounds better than the place in Orange. 




my root beer tastes like Perrier. 
 its a bummer to be pay over $2 for a cup of soda and the syrup is so low its literally got no flavor
we ordered 3 different items that come with sauce. 
 I asked for BBQ sauce for everything. 
 the order guy even confirmed it at the end of the order - not a single packet of any sauce in the bag much less BBQ
I ordered and was charged for a beef. 
 bean. 
 and cheese burrito = $1. 
99. 
 i received a 99c bean and cheese value menu burrito
my sons chicken nugget kids meal was tossed so sloppily into the bag that it was all floating around loose when he opened it - and he didn't get the number of nuggets I ordered
for THIS kind of service we're supposed to support the idea of $15 per hour for fast food employees? this was a service disaster










I usually like ketchup. 
 . 
 recently some sh*t went down with ketchup and my ex that I just can't get into. 
 so I did not want ketchup anywhere near my food. 
  So I pull up to the drive thru and order a Superstar with no ketchup. 

Speaker:  Silence. 
. 
. 
. 
. 

Gandalf: hello?
Speaker: -Superstar with no cheese?
Gandalf: No. 
 Superstar with no ketchup. 

Speaker:  Long pause. 
. 
. 
Superstar doesn't come with ketchup. 


That's bullshit. 
 I know it does. 
 . 
 clearly she doesn't get it or she doesn't give a shit. 
 so I just say okay and pull up to the window. 
 A different lady hands me the bag and says. 
 " The burger has a pink sauce. 
 like a thousand island. 
 But its not ketchup"

Bottom line. 
 it had ketchup. 
 Eff u biatches. 
 Why's every woman trying to force ketchup on Gandalf? This is not the first time they've gotten my order wrong. 
 . 
 it will be the last. 
  They just don't give a shit and anyone should feel uncomfortable with the thought of such people handling ground beef and chicken. 


But you say. 
 Gandalf. 
 what's the big deal about ketchup? I used to love ketchup. 
 Trust me. 
 you don't want to know what went down. 
 . 
 it was almost as bad as when Gandalf dropped the soap in the shower in prison. 
 Besides. 
 it's not about the ketchup. 
 it's about the "I don't give a F" attitude the employees have. 





The only thing I didn't like was their pico de gallo and salsa. 
  All you who read my reviews know I like flavor and there were none for both. 
  Add a little salt will ya?


Did I mention that when I ordered one of these bad boys. 
 I was the only customer in the drive-through line at 1:50 p. 
m. 
. 
 waited seven minutes for my order and STILL received I-don't-give-a-sh. 
t service from the awful girl at the window?

Carl Karcher would've been ashamed to have seen this spectacle at one of his stores. 



 1st guy: hi welcome to Carl's blah blah blah 
So I start saying my order 
Girl: I'm sorry what was that
I repeat
Guy again: what was that agin?
Seriously guys are we playing games here??



I ordered two of the burritos. 
 and told her i had a coupon. 
 I had to repeat the coupon number like 4 times before she got the number right. 
. 
. 
 I ordered two drinks. 
 same size. 
 a diet coke and a dr pepper. 
 Then she screws up writing it down on the drive-thru order screen thinking it was two biscuits instead of two burritos. 
 coupon number was clearly for burritos. 
 anyways she tells me to drive to the window before she can get the order correct on the screen let alone a total. 
. 
. 
 She says some total when I pull up. 
 I give her the money. 
 get the change. 
 she hands me the first drink and says "This is the Diet Coke. 
" 
(On the lid. 
 she had pushed in the  "OTHER" indicator - of the possible OTHER. 
 COKE. 
 DIET) 

Then she hands me what should have been a Dr. 
 Pepper. 
 with no indications marked on the lid. 
 I ignore it. 
 thinking she must have marked other instead of diet and asked for some salsa for the burritos. 
 We take off. 


 I take a sip of my drink and notice right away notice she switched the two by mistake. 
 giving my father. 
 who has diabetes and congestive heart failure a  high sugar. 
 high caffeine. 
 Dr. 
 Pepper. 
 My dad says his is fine and tastes like diet coke . 
 I'm drinking a diet coke as I type this. 
. 
 maybe she gave us two diet cokes. 
. 
. 
 . 
 all she had to do was punch in the diet marker for the right lid and there would have been no problem. 


We get home and open the bag. 
 she only gave me one packet of salsa for two burritos. 
 she also didn't give me a receipt and i'm pretty sure she overcharged me by ignoring the coupon altogether. 
 

And the burrito. 
. 
. 


The burrito consisted of 4-5 "Hash Rounds"(Round Hashbrowns aka tater-tots). 
 less than an oz of some really processed pico de gallo (old or previously frozen for some time). 
 literally a tablespoon of the so-called Chorizo (basically a brown. 
 somewhat spicy. 
 soy-based meat substitute. 
) The other 90-95% of the burrito was instant eggs and tortilla. 
  I was not impressed. 
 I've finished the burrito and still have yet to find the cheese. 
 Or a reason to come back for breakfast. 



Each time I've ordered. 
 I've waited way too long for someone to take my order. 
 they've claimed to not have standard menu items. 
 sighed at me when I asked questions. 
 left food out of my order and have given me the wrong food. 
  And the wait times are ridiculous. 
 even when I've been the only person in line. 


Last Thursday was the worst visit yet. 
  There were 2 cars ahead of us in the drive-thru. 
 they ordered. 
 pulled up and when we got to the speaker. 
. 
. 
silence. 
  Both cars ahead of us got their food and pulled away and no one had even said hello to us. 
  We waited for a good 5 minutes and the only reason we stayed was because we had a hungry 3 year old in the car. 
  We finally had to ask if anyone was there and she acted totally startled. 
 like she had dozed off or something. 
  We finally ordered. 
 got our food and when we started unpacking the bags. 
 everything was just tossed in. 
 including french fry containers that were put in upside down. 
  It seriously looked like my 3 year old granddaughter had packed it herself. 
  The food itself was sloppy looking. 
 my tomato was the stem end and my lettuce was a huge chunk of yellow core. 
  My husband's jalapeno patty melt was a mess and both orders of fries were stale tasting. 


Bottom line. 
 you get the definite impression that the employees don't give a shit. 
  If anything. 
 the service has gotten progressively worse since the re-opening and I think I'll take the time to drive to the Rose Drive location the next time we get a Carl's craving. 





Carl Karcher ran a class business. 
 unlike the people in charge today. 





Fuck. 




