

Whenever I come to this location. 
 I'm normally in a great mood. 
 

Tonight. 
 I am an emotional wreck and am dealing with a lot of personal issues so I decide to cancel my plans and go to Chipotle alone to clear my mind. 
 I come in and order my food and I can't help . 
 to notice I was so cheered up by the staff who actually went above and beyond for me. 
 

Not only was I sad. 
hungry. 
alone. 
 I was so much more happier when I sat down to eat my food. 
 

My plan after Chipotle was to go sit in Starbucks for an hour or two . 
 I found it to be very welcoming and comfortable staying in chipotle. 
 

Just when you want to break down and cry. 

someone is there to make you smile and remind you that life goes on. 
 I am going to sleep so good tonight knowing that there are these kind of people out there. 
 Thank you so much. 



Went to get my soda after this and the Sprite was not working. 
 root beer wasn't working so I go for my third choice pibb xtra . 
 that wasn't working. 
 I try coke next and it's nothing . 
 soda water. 
 Thankfully there was a coke on the other side that was working. 
 . 
 that left the choices as 1 coke. 
 Coke Zero. 
 and lemonade. 
 assuming the other two were even working correctly. 
  This is the closest chipotle to me. 
 . 
 now I will be going further to enjoy a chipotle that has its act together. 



2 stars because it's still a Chipotle and sofritas are always good . 
 employees are glum at best and very intrusive when they're on break. 


I understand it can get busy . 
 so does Disneyland. 








I'm giving it 4 stars because overall I've had good experiences and the taste of Chipotle is amazing. 
 This place usually hits the spot. 
 Love it. 
 despite a few bad experiences. 



I decided to change it up and order the steak. 
 It was beyond chewy and little to no flavor. 
 

The only thing that still taste good is the chips. 


More than like never coming back. 
 At least not until the quality comes back. 




The first person I saw. 
 had a miserable look on her face. 
 She looked so unhappy. 
 I get it. 
 it was a peak hour . 
 I don't want to be helped by someone who looks like they are hating life. 
 I was also disappointed because she was barely serving me any rice. 
 beans or even veggies. 
 I mean it's a veggie bowl I should have more than a few pieces of veggies. 
 This was a problem not only with me . 
 with others ahead of me. 
 They were all asking for more rice. 
 beans as well as veggies. 
 I mean I'm paying for all of this so don't skimp me ya know? And she was also getting irritated with people asking her for more. 
 I mean if you would serve the correct amount you wouldn't have this issue. 
 

Everyone behind the counter didn't have a smile on their face nobody except for the cashier. 
 She was extremely nice and greeted me with a genuine smile. 
 So I checked out and was good. 
 I went back to grab some lemons. 
 and it was a different cashier. 
 She was in the middle of a transaction. 
 so I asked if she could grab me some lemons when she had the chance. 
 She didn't even look at me and was like give me a second. 
 Fine I get it your busy. 
 So she finally grabs me what I asked. 
 and only gives me one and tells me that they are cutting up more. 


So my overall experience today was not the greatest. 
 I'm glad I had at least one good interaction. 
 But my bowl. 
 was not up to par. 
 Let's hope I don't have this experience again. 



During any other time. 
 you are asking to get yourself killed with the amount of traffic coming from the colleges. 
schools nearby. 


Food is still good. 
 though. 
  You just have to battle other human beings to just 1) get on the correct street. 
 2) find a parking space. 
 3) get in line. 
 4) get out of line. 
 5) get out of the parking lot. 
 6) get out into the correct street. 


Other than the area making you want to build a transporter. 
 Chipotle is still good. 
  The service can sometimes be a little testy (can't blame them with the student clientele). 
 . 
 the place definitely fulfills my Chipotle cravings. 





Waste of money on this chipotle. 







Also. 
 they're stingy with portions and not consistent. 
 You'd see the person in front of you order same type of protein and get a bigger scoop than yours. 
 And no. 
 they didn't order extra meat. 
 C'mon now. 
 get your shit together. 
 Chipotle. 
 

Lastly. 
 I ordered guacamole on the side and found paper in it. 
 The material seemed. 
felt like the little soufflé cups that you put ketchup in at most fastfood places. 


Big store. 
 it was really clean and there were a lot of seating options. 
 Don't forget to pack a sweater though 'cause it could get chilly in there. 


[STAFF]
They were friendly enough. 
 customer service wasn't too out of this world . 
 it wasn't bad either. 


[FOOD]
Delicious. 
 as always. 
 The food is always fresh tasting and piping hot. 
 The only downside is that some of the portions could get a little skimpy. 
 . 
 I'm not one to complain too much about that. 
 It's still a lot of food overall. 
 and I think it's worth the money. 




They were stingy with every single item I wanted on my salad. 
 even the corn. 
 I saw her take a (small) scoop then put half of it back. 
 The people assembling were not paying attention and just wanted to hurry the line up . 
 that only slows them down because they have to go back to add something. 
 The poor guy behind me had tried to get the girls attention at least 
 five times to add something to his burrito and I had to also interrupt because they skipped over items I wanted. 
 I asked for green and red sauce on the side. 
 at all other locations that's not a problem. 
 . 
 here. 
 you'd think I asked for extra food for free. 
 

I usually can never finish a salad. 
 the portion was so small I was able to finish it. 
 Even though this is considered the closest location to me I will drive out of my way to another one. 
 never again. 





The only thing good here is the Guac. 
 I come here when one of my older kids is craving Chipotle. 
 Yes I'll eat it . 
 you won't find me saying "I am really craving Chipotle right now" nope. 
 NEVA. 
 

The chips and guacamole are delicious. 
  I'll give them that. 
 The portions are also huge . 
 that's it. 
 The food needs flavor. 
 they need to add some spices. 
 Now they have some tofu concoction for vegetarians. 
. 
. 
 I haven't tried it so I can't give my opinion on that. 
 

I like to get my burrito in a bowl. 
  with my flour tortilla on the side (I like to eat it later with . 
ter) . 
 they do get skimpy on the lettuce. 
 The lettuce container had about five slivers of sliced lettuce and the girl helping me put it on my bowl. 
 She didn't even offer to get more lettuce. 
 She just pushed my bowl on down the line. 
 

I just can't get over how people are in love with Chipotle. 
 my kids included. 
 I cannot say I will never be back because I will. 
 I just don't see what the hoopla is over a cold burrito. 
 

THREE STARS. 





Also. 
 I was thirsty and needed more iced tea . 
 it seems like that's always low and they don't restock it. 
 One of the servers asks me if I need anything. 
 I asked her about the iced tea and if they were going to bring in a new batch. 
 I see her tell the cashier and they just giggle . 
 nothing gets solved. 
 The server never gave me an answer so I just left and threw my cup away. 
 Why ask me if I need anything if you're not going to come through?

I only go here because it's the only nearest chipotle by CSUF and it's the only place that's considered healthy and it's fast. 
 

I keep thinking "maybe it's a bad day for them. 
" . 
 it can't possibly be like this almost every time. 
. 
. 



All of the things above are true. 
 yes. 
 . 
 the staff was pretty good at handling the line. 

I went with the veggie bowl. 
 love the free guac and all of their salsas. 

If you load it up. 
 its plenty to have leftovers for later. 
 $8 for that is more than fair. 

Was a bit cold and I know there are  better things to eat in the area. 
 . 
 filled the need in a rush last week. 


Thank you Jasmin. 
 You rock. 






The steak was actually steak five years ago instead of chewy reject meat. 
 wtf happened? They used to have a good "Hot" salsa. 
 But someone else picked it up for me since we used a gift card. 
 They put this terrible "Chipotle" salsa on it. 
 Tasted like. 
. 
. 
anyways. 
 it made the knuckle-meat the highlight of this meal. 




I will second. 
 third. 
 and fourth the emotion that this is the WORST Chipotle ever. 
 

Never has my order been right. 
 They tell me they never receive my orders online. 
 Then they magically appear. 
. 
. 
 into something I never even ordered. 
 Check your bags before you leave. 
 I ordered tacos and got 3 tortillas with a side of salsa?. 


I say "ok" because it's very normal that it's packed and never very clean at all. 
 as I stand here now it's actually filthy and I'm taking it to go for that reason. 
 The employees are always very courteous and helpful. 
 they just need to get their sweeping. 
wiping up to speed maybe. 
 Either way. 
 I'll be back. 
 The food is too good to avoid haha. 
 I do prefer the Brea location to this one though. 







Then a few days ago I went by myself and the cashier shorted me a five dollar bill. 
 It took a while before she finally gave it to me. 
 I recognized her from the previous visit. 
 . 
 wasn't entirely sure if she was the cashier or had helped us with our order. 
 Either way. 
 I'm staying away from his location. 
 It just seems really shady. 
 Plus. 
 the seating is extremely uncomfortable and the line is insanely long. 



Just got back from New York. 
 so glad that the pricing is way cheaper here. 
 The place is clean. 
 pretty generic definitely no homeless people loitering outside. 


Anyway I get the burrito with the tortilla on the side or the double wrapped burrito. 
. 
 That's the hook up. 
 Get half meats. 
 they usually give you a little more. 


Chipotle is good. 
 Will always default here when I'm around the area. 




Except this one is so friggin busy because its in a college town. 
 The line is pretty long especially during meal times. 
 Don't go here if you want 'fast' food. 


Otherwise yum chipotle


I rather eat across the street where it will fill me up for a cheaper price along with great taste. 
 Pieology will definitely keep my business. 



Here's what you need to know about this location:
1. 
 It is really crowded all the time when CSUF is in session - . 
 over a holiday break it is much less so. 

2. 
 They don't short you on the meat or other toppings - . 
 don't expect any freebies or handouts. 
. 
. 
 they're on to you. 
 crafty Chipotle regulars. 

3. 
 You will undoubtedly see someone in line in pajamas. 
 College students. 
 right?
4. 
 This food is DELICIOUS. 

5. 
 I know it seems expensive . 
 get some chips and guac. 
 It's great. 






My only real complaint is that it's annoying to park once you get here and that the line is usually really long since it's right next to Cal State Fullerton. 


Honestly. 
 Chipotle is usually very generous . 
 this location is terrible. 
 I understand if they put limit on the amount of meat. 
 . 
 everything else is usually very generous ESPECIALLY if you ask for more. 
 
Do NOT go here- look for an alternative. 
 
I came here three times and they definitely gave me half a spoonful of corn and 5 pieces of lecture the first time. 
 When I asked for more? A quarter spoonful of corn and 2 pieces of lettuce. 
 
C'MON. 
. 





I ordered a bowl to go. 
 Got a bag with nothing in it . 
 the bowl. 
 No fork no napkins. 
 Do these idiots think I'm going to eat it with my fingers?

Go somewhere else. 
 shut this one down. 



The restaurant was spacious and clean with plenty of seating. 
  There were seven tall round tables along the windows facing E Chapman and ample seating at regular sized tables in the covered outdoor area to East along N State College Blvd. 
 People were sitting and eating out here in spite of the stormy weather and rain proving that Southern Californians are not ALL the wimps the people in the Pacific Northwest think we are. 


There was a very long line. 
 when have you ever been in a Chipotle that DIDN'T have a line. 
 . 
 the workers kept it moving pretty quickly so the wait wasn't too bad. 
  I ordered my current favorite. 
 the barbacoa bowl with brown rice. 
 black beans. 
 and guacamole. 
 . 
 there are actually quite a few different items you can order as you build your own meal to suit your own tastes. 


For those unfamiliar with Chipotle (yeah. 
 you. 
 the guy from Vermont or some small town on the Eastern Seaboard) you stand in what looks like a cafeteria line and start by telling the first worker whether you want a bowl. 
 a salad. 
 a burrito. 
 or a taco. 
  Then you choose between chile lime rice or Bowen rice. 
 pinto beans or black beans. 
 and choose your protein. 
 steak. 
 barbacoa (a seasoned slow roasted pulled beef). 
 chicken. 
 carnitas. 
 or sofritas (seasoned tofu). 
  There are plenty of other toppings to choose from. 
 and it's all up to you and your individual tastes. 
  Do you want salsa (red. 
 hot. 
 corn. 
 or pico de gallo)?  Perhaps some veggies (lettuce. 
 grilled onions and peppers)? Perhaps some sour cream. 
 cheese. 
 or guacamole. 
?   Guacamole is the only thing that costs a little extra. 
 . 
 take it from me - it's worth every penny. 


The proteins are all responsibly sourced. 
 cruelty free. 
 and absent hormones or antibiotics so you can feel as confident about the health benefits as you do about the taste. 


This was one of the nicer Chipotles I have visited. 
 with it's pleasant atmosphere. 
 ample seating both inside and out. 
 large portion sizes. 
 and even clean restrooms. 




Restrooms clean


Even though the prices just went up for a few of the times on the menu. 
 I think the price for a burrito here is totally worth it. 
 The chicken is the best tasting chicken you can get for a fast food chain. 
  And the guacamole is really  great too. 



I ordered my typical bowl with brown rice black beans chicken salsa and sour cream not that difficult right? Well 2 things were added incorrectly to the bowl since I had to practically yell my order from the other end of the glass. 
 

So there goes my food down the food line while i stay behind the patrons in front. 
 The employees would ask what i wanted and i would answer. 
 Things went great until it came to the salsa. 
 "Can i get hot salsa?" Sure let me get you a scoop of mild and a scoop of corn? Lol. 
. 
. 
 Uhhhhh didn't want either. 
 Oh well. 
 (Didn't ask to fix =)

Chicken was ok a bit dry (it's a chain I get it) the brown rice however was so hard it was like munching on a bowl of pebbles. 
 Didn't get the correct salsa (F) and the sour cream was well sour cream. 
 

Did I mention this place is like super stingy with their portions (not to be a fat***) . 
 it's not super cheap $$$ and with other locations delivering much better tasting portions. 
 

Super long lines if you go anytime between 11:30 am and 8:00 pm especially at this location since it's near the college which means parking during those times can be a pain as well. 


Staff were nice and it's great to see Chipotle hires people from all walks of life it was a very diverse group of staff here love it. 



There's a Yogurtland next door though. 
 so that's cool. 







I'd say I'd def won't come back if it was my choice. 
 I rather drive a little better for better service


Parking: lot right in front. 
 Beware that its a little tight. 

Clean? Yep. 




It can be really busy at times. 
 especially during the semester so I understand why sometimes the tables haven't been wiped down. 
 But what can you expect? The food court at CSUF is absolutely terrible and this is one of the few places around that serves quality food. 
 Indeed. 
 the lines can be pretty long and parking can be hard to find because it's next to CSUF and Troy . 
 it really is worth the wait if you are not in a time crunch. 




I was there yesterday 1. 
26 at around 6:30ish and wow are those employees rude. 

I ordered a chicken burrito with white rice. 
 pinto beans. 
 sour cream. 
 cheese and lettuce. 
 There was a caucasian male. 
 early 20's. 
 he made my burrito so bad. 
 He hardly put a spoon full of rice and pinto beans. 
 So I asked him if he could put some more rice and he seemed so bothered. 
 If you're having a bad day. 
 or don't feel like showing up to work. 
 don't show up at all. 
 It was terrible customer service. 
 there was 2 people on register and they seemed to be talking crap about the customers. 
 Why don't you supervise your employees into making a customers visit a good one?. 
 If I'm going to pay $7. 
 best believe I want that meal the way it should be. 



I have been to this location many times and have had no issues until yesterday. 
 My fiancé and I ordered bowls(chicken. 
steak). 
 she got brown rice. 
medium salsa and I got white rice. 
hot salsa. 
 Maybe the rice or the salsa was bad because I definitely did not enjoy the remainder of my night. 


Probably won't be going to this location again. 


Service is kinda splotchy there too. 
 possibly because they deal with a lot of college students wanting more in their burritos. 
. 
. 
. 
however I've gotten a couple sassy girls at the register and couple rude dudes making the burritos. 
 But it's only been a couple. 
 so customer service can be a bit inconsistent. 
 This review is specific to this chipotle. 




With that in mind. 
 the rest of this is a 1-star review. 
 

We waited in line for a few minutes. 
 I started asking for a bowl with white rice when I got to the counter. 
 I had already noticed that the white rice container was empty. 
 I couldn't see any rice unless I tip toed. 
 In other chipotles. 
 the employees would normally ask for rice to be prepared when there's less than 1. 
4 left of the container. 
 I would think even more so when there's a long line. 
 

Knowing that there was already barely any rice. 
 I asked for extra in hopes of them just giving me a newly made one. 
 Instead. 
 the first server. 
 Onie. 
 decided to desperately scrape the container to get what he can. 
 He didn't ask for more rice to be made until my girlfriend asked for white rice on her bowl. 
 It was then that the five minute wait at the cafeteria line began. 
 

Onie then asked my girlfriend what kind of meat she wanted. 
 to which she responded. 
 "I don't know yet. 
" He just stared blankly at her. 
 then stared at the server next to him. 
 Raquari. 
 Raquari then pressed my girlfriend again as to what kind of meat she wanted. 
 and when Raquari was informed that she was still deciding. 
 Raquari harassed her with. 
 "Well. 
 we have a process here. 
" Onie jumps in with. 
 "So. 
 no meat. 
 then?" 

After my girlfriend informs them that she'd like to wait for the rice that was barely being made. 
 the two servers rolled their eyes at each other and played with the empty bowl. 
 ignored us until the rice was ready. 
 and just put others' orders ahead instead. 
 

I've had numerous rude interactions with the employees at this chipotle. 
 . 
 each visit just keeps becoming more and more unbearable. 
 

It seems like this Chipotle forgoes good service in the name of profits. 



Absolutely love it here. 



Try to come at off-hours (ie. 
 not 12pm) if you can to make your wait shorter. 
 Service quality varies. 
 I've had really nice servers and then others who look like they would rather be anywhere else. 



On the plus side. 
 LOVE the fresh ingredients and the flavors. 
 The veggie burrito with EVERYTHING on it is to die for. 
 The tortillas are the freshest that I have ever tasted. 
 so chewy and warm. 
 and the salsas. 
 yum. 
 yum. 
 yum. 
 It can get extra messy so make sure to grab lots of napkins. 
 My favorite way to eat this is at home. 
 surrounded by lots and lots of towels. 


Try it. 
 just be prepared to be treated like cattle. 
 long and slow moving lines. 
 and flustered employees. 



Now. 
 I know that portions differ depending on the server. 
 and I understand that. 
 However. 
 compromising how you treat the customer shouldn't be dependent on the person. 
 

I've been to chipotle during rush hours. 
 and this visit was relatively slow. 
 and the restaurant wasn't too loud either. 
 When I requested for sour cream. 
 the woman immediately dumped corn on the bowl while she annoyingly repeated what she thought she heard. 
 and then looked at me as if I was an idiot when I said. 
 "sour cream. 
 not corn. 
 I do not want corn. 
" She just looked at me as if I was just wasting her time. 
 

Instead of apologizing. 
 she made it known how much extra work it was to get a new bowl made. 
 which she hastily splattered a ridiculous amount of sour cream on one end of the bowl. 
 as if to sarcastically make it all better. 
 

I was disappointed. 
 and really annoyed to the point where I've decided never to come back to this location. 
 despite it being the most convenient one. 
 

I wish that the employees wore name tags so that they can take more responsibility for their actions. 
 and that the entire location doesn't have to take the heat. 
 But due to lack of names. 
 this location is losing a customer. 





The other day I went into this chipotle on state college hoping to get a delicious burrito and while standing in line a customer was returning her salad because she had found a hair in it. 
 Now after seeing that I should of ran through the door. 
. 
 as if that wasn't bad enough I then looked straight into the back where the cooks cook and I saw a young man who works there legit stick his hand inside the bucket where they keep their chips and eat straight out of it. 
. 
 how unprofessional and disgusting is that. 
. 
. 
 

Well to top it off after I received my burrito I sat outside to eat it and after a few bites I was just not satisfied. 
 There was hardly any steak it was mostly full of beans and rice. 
 

Later on that day I arrived home to only find myself nauseous and with a huge stomach ache . 
. 
. 
 

Idk if it might have been just this location . 
 as for me Chipotles quality of food is garbage and the customer service was terrible. 






let down. 
 this place has flies flying around everywhere getting near the food and by far got the least amount of food here out of all the chipotles ive been to. 
 go somewhere else if possible. 
. 
. 
. 
 not acceptable to chipotle standards. 
 step it up. 



The portions may seem a bit disappointing at first. 
 . 
 trust me they will kill the 20-people Chipotle craving. 
 I've just had some issues with the quantity of the steak. 
 . 
 the manager gave me one full tray when I stopped by again. 
 
If you're doing catering lemme recommend this: cover your food until you serve. 
 otherwise it will get dry. 

Thank you Chipotle. 


Not sure why this one sucks so much. 
 The workers here are rude and unfriendly and really skimp on the portions. 
 I understand if there are corporate standards that only permit workers to give you a certain amount of food. 
 . 
 a smile here or there would be nice. 
 Every time I come in here. 
 I feel a certain level of hostility from the workers who are clearly unhappy and don't want to be there. 
 
I love Chipotle at other locations. 
 . 
 I will never come back to this one. 



I came at 3 and it was a long line that took forever. 
 They kept having to refill everything. 
 I saw they were giving out huge portions to patrons before me so I was excited. 
 . 
 when it got to me. 
 I was so jipped. 
 I barely got any meat. 
 veggies. 
. 
So I asked for more and the girl eyed me. 
 Girl. 
 I'm just tryna get my $$ worth and I'm hongray. 
. 
 

They were probably short staffed because the cashier kept running to clean up . 
 what grossed me out was she was cleaning around the trash and stuck her hand in there to push it down then ran back to the register and was handling the food and closing tops to containers. 
 Really unsanitary. 
. 



I ordered the "Bowl" which for those who haven't been to a chipotle it is all the burrito fillings of your choice served in a bowl instead of a tortilla. 
  Since the tortilla alone is 290 calories it's a smart choice. 
  I had the cilantro-lime rice. 
 black beans. 
 fajita vegetables. 
 steak. 
 red salsa. 
 and lettuce for a grand total of 485 calories and 11 grams of fat which isn't bad considering the huge portion and the fact it's fast food. 
  All the ingredients tasted really fresh and went well together. 
  I was surprised how much flavor the fajita veggies added to the meal. 
  They were grilled up and seasoned. 


My only complaints are the horrible chairs. 
. 
. 
. 
 who the eff picked these out?  They are so effen uncomfortable. 
. 
. 
  The huge lake of water around the soda machine sucked too. 
. 
. 
. 
   mop that shyte up. 
  Don't just put a warning sign next to it. 







I'm a big Chipotle fan. 
. 
. 
 When it's done right. 
 I ordered online and payed ahead of time - allowing 30 minutes to prepare a burrito and a burrito bowl. 
 A reasonable amount of time to prepare the order. 
 right? Wrong. 
 

The burrito bowl was fine . 
 instead of the burrito. 
 they gave me a second bowl. 
 I was pretty bummed . 
 I understand how "burrito" and "burrito bowl" look the same [insert slight sarcasm]. 
 I'm still pretty stoked to eat it and when I open it. 
 it's not what I asked for. 
 I'm not going to drive back to make them fix it. 
 so I'm taking it out via Yelp. 
 

Common sense tells us to check the order when we get it. 
 I usually check . 
 my brother picked it up for us. 
 Since he did me a favor. 
 he's not going to get chewed out. 
 

In all honesty. 
 the employee gets paid to do a job. 
 they don't have to love it . 
 they should be able to do it. 
 I won't be back to this location. 
 . 
. 
. 
. 
 Employees: for the sake of your future customers. 
 when you prepare an order. 
 read the receipt that you print out and staple to the front of the bag. 
 Chipotle: don't integrate tech and convenience. 
 if you don't have the resources to uphold your customer service. 



I go here when I want a Mexican food kick . 
 don't want to risk food poisoning by going "authentic". 



If anybody knows some secret menu stuff i'd love to hear about it. 


My 3rd time coming to this place. 
 & tonight will be the LAST time I come to this Chipotle location. 
 
*Food Quality:
Why is the quality SO different?? The Mild Salsa (Pico de Gallo) is soggy & goopy with little bubbles. 
 I think they blend it instead of chopping it. 
 no lie. 
 Guacamole. 
 2nd time they have "run out of avocados". 
 forget about having everything in stock. 
 they are ALWAYS scrimmaging in the back to put things together. 
 When I asked for veggies. 
 they picked up the last 4 PIECES & practically threw my Burrito Bowl to the next employee. 
 & a customer in FRONT of me was STILL waiting for her salad dressing as I was leaving. 
 Appalling. 
 
Steak was extremely chewy. 
 too chewy. 
 everything was so different. 
 
*Customer Service: 
I am dumbfounded. 
 Extremely rude to their customers. 
 they obviously don't care about the food they're serving. 
 They do not communicate with each other. 
 I had to verbally tell 3 employees that I was waiting for extra veggies (because obviously they were out). 
 they just left my Burrito Bowl there. 
 randomly. 
 there. 
 At the end. 
 the girl did not want to be there. 
 Her face summed up my entire experience here. 
 
I have been to SO MANY Chipotles. 
 guilty. 
 & I have never been SO upset and disappointed from leaving one of my GO-TO places. 
 
This Chipotle may be the closest location to me. 
 . 
 I am willing to drive the extra miles for the classic Chipotle service & food quality. 
 Save your time. 
 head to the next Chipotle. 





The worst service. 




this is always a good choice to come and grab some lunch for an inexpensive price. 
 I usually ask for extra sour cream. 
 cheese and salsa since they don't charge you for it and my usually steak burrito bowl. 
 I sometimes get the tortilla on the side or not at all depending on how i feel. 


The other day i visited this Chipotle and the thing i noticed was how bad the communication was amongst everyone. 
 I asked the guy for a double steak burrito bowl which was passing the message down the line. 
 . 
 since the guy putting on the topping didn't hear i got a double steak bowl for the price of a regular bowl. 
 Not that i'm complaining since it was an awesome deal. 
 . 
 it just seemed like the entire staff was in such a rush to get everyone's order done no one is working together efficiently. 


I come to this Chipotle the most since it's close by campus and near my apartments. 
 i'd recommend coming 30 minutes prior to closing as they tend to be more generous with how much they give . 
) More bang for your buck. 


The food was good at least. 





#1- I understand that this chipotle is a bit busy compared to other ones. 
 However. 
 it does not seem like an acceptable excuse to be unfriendly. 
 

#2- This chipotle seems way saltier compared to the other ones I go to. 
 

#3- More than half of my burrito bowl is covered in black particles. 
 And no. 
 they are not beans. 
 It's covered in the burnt remains of the chicken. 
 

In conclusion. 
 I don't think I will come to this chipotle anymore. 
 unless I am starving in Fullerton. 



It's one of the only Chipotle restaurants that's in a lot that is actually LARGE. 
 Parking there is no issue. 
 hallelujah. 

It's also pretty big inside compared to other locations. 
. 
. 
 and there's also a bunch of seating outside. 
 I wish the Chipotle by my house was this large. 


Five stars for lots of seating. 
 easy parking. 
 great service. 
 and tasty as hell food. 





This locations is pretty busy in general. 
 It's across the street from CSUF and down the street from FJC and close to some high schools. 
 It's also in the same plaza as Starbucks and Pick-Up Sticks and Yogurtland. 
 so parking is kind of iffy sometimes. 
 Otherwise. 
 this is the location I go to. 



Just because it is fast food doesn't mean the service has to be so terrible. 
 It is too bad the management here isn't interested in hiring pleasant people or training people properly. 
 Putting a bunch of bitchy girls at the front counter isn't the best business move. 


Please give real steak and not only cartilage the next time please. 


They need to really maintain quality control of their food. 
. 




The food here is OK here . 
 my real gripe are the prices they charge for their food. 
 I can't remember the last time I paid $10 for to go food and the quality being mediocre. 
 I mean it beats Taco Bell and Del Taco . 
 sometimes their meat. 
 especially their carne asada. 
 is real chewy and fatty. 
 I want to be able to bite into beef that's lean and doesn't take me 30 chews to get the food down. 
 Their chicken is good. 
 seems healthy. 
 and I prefer getting the rice bowl over the burrito. 
 That's the Asian in me that's talking. 
 I checked out their food calorie content. 
 also disappointing. 
 Makes me wonder why I exercise and still continue to make poor food choices. 
 I don't think I'll come here for a while unless my co-workers decide to. 


The dining area is clean and the workers seem nice. 
 My friend Elvia commented that they play good music . 
 seriously. 
 I didn't come here for a dinner and a show. 
 Maybe. 
 next time I'll skip the lunch and go next door to shop at Total Wine & More. 
 If you didn't know. 
 that's the alcoholic in me that's talking. 







Don't understand some of the poor reviews since this place has a line to the door pretty much any time of the day. 
 . 
 at least the very long line moves along quickly. 


Oh. 
 and Monica your guac is the best. 


It's a lot of food for your money. 
. 
. 
I can't eat the whole thing in one sitting. 
. 
. 
I don't come  often only cuz I can think of other places to spend less than $6 on Mex-style food. 
 . 
 it is worth the money 4 what you get. 



The only issue with this location is the amount of people who come here during the lunch rush. 
  The shopping center it's in has a starbucks. 
 yogurtland. 
 and a pick up stix so it's really popular and the parking lot is very tiny. 
  The line will go all the way around the restaurant. 
 so make sure you have plenty of time. 







As if her rudeness weren't enough. 
 after eating. 
 I went to go use the facilities. 
 only to find that one of two toilets was not working. 
 and the stall with the functioning toilet did not have a functional door. 
lock. 
 The right sink (one of two) was also not working. 
 

I used to enjoy coming to Chipotle. 
 . 
 this is unacceptable. 
 I would never recommend this place to anyone anymore. 




It makes me feel like I'm back in college. 
 Always lots of students from Cal State Fullerton across the street. 


I sometimes get the taco kids meal. 
 It's a lot cheaper and matches my apatite. 
 besides it's fun the way they set it up ao you can build them yourself. 




If you don't care about customer service. 
 come here. 
 If you like to be treated well by the place you bring business to. 
 don't come here. 


Seeing how much people complain about their customer service. 
 I would think their management team would do something. 
 . 
 I guess they just don't care. 




What there is something wrong with is the notion that an employee getting min. 
 wage acting like you're robbing the business blind by asking for a proper spoon fulf of whatever it is your ordered. 
 

Take guac for example - That shit is expensive to get it added on to your dish. 
 as guac generally is for some odd reason considering how many avocado trees we get in SoCal. 
 But you put a little dollop on it and I mean little compared to the dude before me. 
 How dare you get asked in a nice voice "Could you put a tad more on there please?" 

That's just a crime. 
 ya' here. 
 Same with everything else. 
 They seem to be really tight with their. 
. 
. 
 well. 
 everything. 
 Compared to other Chipotle. 
 and I'll admit I haven't been to many. 
 . 
 compared to the others I have been to. 
 this has to be the one where it seems every employee has had it beaten into them that giving too much of anything will get them put in the hot box outside. 
 

The food is as good as you can expect chipotle to be - . 
 again. 
 the service sucks. 
 And when you go to a place that builds your meal like this in front of you. 
 to not have some give or take or please the customer with a generous scoop will just build resentment. 




Id give a 4. 
5 if I could. 
 . 
 I will settle with a 4. 
0 :D








When I first started coming here I could never finish a bowl in one sitting
Now I have noticed that they have smaller portions for the same price so that was upsetting 
Besides that this is a convenient location and does get busy . 
 the employees work fast 
Overall good location







Love the food here. 
 . 
 seriously. 
 how horrible are the employees' lives to have to treat the customers so rudely. 
 

Definitely agree with the other ratings about the rudeness of the staff. 
 

Love the food. 
 . 
 won't bother eating there. 



Don't get me wrong. 
 I LOVE Chipotle. 
 I'm a huge fan. 
 I used to eat it multiple times a week. 


But man. 
 This particular location is the WORST EVER. 


I don't know what it is. 
 . 
 something is lacking. 
 It just lacks flavor. 
 And they are the stringiest with portions - I'm lucky if my bowl is half full. 
 even when it's not busy. 
 

Also. 
 One time I placed an online order and THEY EXCLUDED THE STEAK. 
 WHAT. 
 YES. 
 They literally left out the meat. 
 This place is a sloppy operations nightmare and needs to figure it out and get it together because this is just unacceptable. 






It was in the middle of the lunch rush and they ran out of chicken for maybe 5 min. 
 
the manager Chewey gave me a free entree card. 
 apologizing for the wait and inconvenience. 
 Not that I minded at all for waiting. 
 . 
 the fact that he went above and beyond. 
 out of his way to even address the wait. 
 was very much appreciated. 
 
The workers here are always cheerful and never seem annoyed with my pickiness. 
 which is nice. 
 :)
Great customer service & delicious food here. 
 :)



This location is always super busy though and the parking is a nightmare so you have to go at off hours. 
  I don't even know how many times I've pulled into this parking lot and circled right on out after seeing the crazy line or from just not finding parking. 
  Ummm. 
. 
. 
can I get a Valet please?  

I guess what I'm really saying is that I just want Chipotle all to myself. 
  

Muahahaha. 
  . 
)



This review. 
 though. 
 is for an online order that I made. 
 We know that they usually have long lines so we decided to order online to avoid having to wait. 
 The online ordering is nice because you can put all the things you would like on. 
 plus write any extra comments to insure that your order comes out just the way you like it. 


BUT. 
 the problem I have found out with this trip is that the employees do not read the comments at all. 
 So almost all of our orders came out wrong. 
 In addition. 
 we showed up to the Chipotle at the time that they had put for pick up. 
 to find that they just had the order sitting next to the register. 
 It hadn't been made or anything and they weren't very busy at the time. 
 

We weren't to happy that we then had to wait anyways in the end. 
 . 
 they did give us 2 free drinks. 
 plus a very small discount. 


All in all it wasn't the best trip and experience using the online ordering. 
 I would not recommend the online ordering to anyone. 
 especially if you have a complicated order. 




Won't be returning here. 




THE SERVICE SUCKS. 
 

Stand in a long line - Tortilla girl mumbles something about rice. 
beans - Next bitch gives you the most stingiest serving of ingredients - Then you top it off with the a bullshit smile from the manager. 


Am I the only one? or I'm getting this service because I am Asian? Nah. 
 service sucks. 



Seriously. 
 I went there with my boyfriend for Sunday night dinner and we both got the burrito bowls. 
 My boyfriend went first and he got everything he asked for. 


I went next. 
 and the RUDEST lady behind the counter asked what salsa I wanted. 
 
I always get the pico de gallo. 
 cheese. 
 corn and lettuce with the hot sauce on the side. 
 Before I could even finish. 
 she adds the pico de gallo and cheese and literally throws my food towards the cashier. 
 THEN. 
 I was like umm. 
 can I get lettuce and corn? She looks at me like I just insulted her. 
 adds it and throws it again. 
 I ask if I can get the hot sauce on the side. 
 and at this point I must have really pushed the . 
ton (asking for what I wanted on my bowl and all). 
 she gives me a dirty look and since the sauce has a lid she SLAMS it on the counter. 
 I looked at my boyfriend like WTF?. 
. 


Anyway. 
 we paid and as I started eating. 
 I noticed that there was barely any pico de gallo on mine and shit ton on my boyfriends. 
  The difference between our two bowls was night and day. 
 

Reading the other yelp reviews. 
 seems like they need a new staff. 
 cause this chick was HORRIBLE. 



One of my co-workers (he's mexican). 
 always give me crap for eating at Chipotle because it's not "authentic" Mexican food. 
 Uh. 
 hello? Look at me. 
 do I look Mexican to you? Do you actually think I would know the difference between "authentic" and non-authentic Mexican food? Come on. 
 let's get real here. 
 I don't care if it's not authentic. 
 if the food taste good. 
 I'll eat it. 
 So. 
 with that being said. 
 I love eating at Chipotle. 
 I always  get their steak tacos (which comes in 3). 


Alright now onto their shitty service. 
 Right off the bat. 
 I already got a bad vibe from this shitty server. 
 I would have given this place a 4 stars for their food. 
 . 
 since I got treated like shit. 
 instead of 4 stars. 
 I'm giving it 1 star. 


"What do you want?" - bitchy server

"Hi. 
 can I please get the steak tacos"? (even though I was taken back by her greetings. 
 I just figured. 
 alright. 
 maybe this bitch is having an "off" day. 
 so I'll just be nice)

She then started placing the steaks on the tacos. 
 I kid you not. 
 she gave me literally THREE pieces of meat on each tacos. 
 Um. 
 is this girl serious?

"Excuse me. 
 can you give me a little more meat please?"

"Whaaaat?. 
 You want more?. 
" - bitchy server. 
 yes. 
 I want more meat. 
 You gave me 3 pieces of meat. 
 Just because I'm skinny don't assume that I eat like an anorexic person. 
 No. 
 I have an appetite of a fat person. 
 so give me my meat. 


Anyway. 
 I really like their sauces. 
 so aside from having the mild. 
medium sauce put into my tacos. 
 I also asked for extras on the side. 


"Oh. 
 and can you please give me 2 extra sauces on the side?"

"Uh. 
 I already put sauce in the tacos" - bitchy server

At this point. 
 I've had enough of her bullshit. 
 so I responded "Yes. 
 I'm very well aware of that fact. 
 that's why I asked for EXTRA sauce ON THE SIDE. 
"

I looked at the customer beside me. 
 and we both shook our heads. 
 Seriously. 
 it's not proper etiquette at all. 
 

Yelpers. 
 there are a million other Chipotle locations. 
 Save yourself the trouble and avoid this location like a Plague. 
 No one deserves to be treated like crap. 



 of this place. 
 There are a bunch of college kids running around and acting a fool. 
 The hell you think this is pre-school sit down and eat your food don't hulahoop in front of me ya loser. 
 If your a college kid that hangs around here I hate you and leave me alone. 




*Really skimpy portions. 
  I swear. 
 my bowl was half way filled -_-

*Tastes the same as any other Chipotle. 






As others mentioned. 
 it seems the portions are getting slimmer. 
 Today I ordered a chicken bowl and was given less than a spoonful. 
 Why? Because the container was empty. 
 How is that my fault?. 
 My husband asked for the same thing and they had to get a new. 
 fresh container. 
 Did they put more on mine? Of course not. 
 I had to ask and got a pissed look by the server. 
 
People mention that the staff is rude. 
 I think I know why. 
 The trainers are rude to the trainees. 
 The cashier was getting trained and took the initiative to ask if we wanted chips. 
 The person training her put her palm up and told her. 
 "You NEED to be quiet and listen". 
 Wow. 



I recommend the manager of this location to pay better attention to the way the team provides a service. 
 Almost everyone here is rude when they have no reason to be. 
 If you hate your job so bad then it's simple. 
 DON'T WORK HERE. 
 Thank you. 


Regards. 
 
A concerned citizen

The sign posted states:
The chicken we are serving is raised without the use of antibiotics. 
  But that's not quite good enough. 
  Soon we will have a supply from chickens that were also fed a vegetarian diet. 
. 
. 


EW. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 


On the brighter side this location serves margaritas. 
 which go great w the chips and guacamole. 
 I love love love the barbacoa here. 
 In fact. 
 I only order the barbacoa. 
  Tried the chicken. 
 It had no salt. 
pepper and really creeped me out despite the sign. 
  I couldn't get passed the sign. 
  What did it mean???
Staffers are fast and friendly. 
 Love the patio. 
 You will find me here most FIESTA FRIDAYS :)

I do like this location since it is conveniently located near my home and csuf. 
 
The staff here is just okay. 
 The personalities you get here can be yay or nay. 
 But the food makes up for it. 
 

I really wish they were more generous with there protein it seems like they can be a bit stingy. 
 When you ask for a little bit more they are hesitant  to give it to you. 
 

Cons: crowded & small 
Pros: quick lunch & close to school



Then one day. 
 our 5 year old just couldn't hold it any longer while on one of our Yogurtland visits so we snuck over to Chipotle to borrow their facilities. 
  As we half trotted through the restaurant. 
 the size of their burritos caught my attention. 
  These things were huge . 
 . 
 and it looked good too. 
  So shortly after. 
 we went for dinner and. 
 much to my surprise. 
 it was quite good. 
  Though not really authentic. 
 the food was fresh and the portion was so generous. 
  I like the variety of fresh salsa. 
  The rice reminds me of Wahoo. 
   

I agree the location is not the most convenient. 
  With Chipotle. 
 Pick-up-Stix. 
 Yogurtland. 
 and Starbucks. 
 this is probably the busiest strip mall in the area. 



BUT the service sucks (compared to other locations). 


I have to constantly REPEAT my order on several occasions. 
 Sure. 
 it gets crowded most of the time. 
 . 
 when it isn't. 
 it's like they don't care to take my order when I'm the only person in line. 


Service sucks. 
 . 
 this will not stop my love for Chipotle. 
 I just wish there was another location in this area. 



They've been giving smaller portions lately. 
 . 
 it didn't bother me. 
 I'm glad they're now serving brown rice. 
 Pretty cool alternative. 
 

THE WORST PART: I live about 20 minutes away from this Chipotle. 
 Just wanted to get a late dinner from being at school all day. 
 I was really looking forward to this meal and right when I opened my barbacoa bowl. 
. 
. 
I see a BUG moving around. 
. 
. 
 I freaked out and did a double take (making sure it was a bug and not my lettuce just falling around) And I was SURE that it was a bug. 
. 
. 
 

I have officially lost my appetite and craving for any chipotle and to top it all off. 
 I just wasted $6+ on a meal that contained a bug. 
. 
DISGUSTING. 


I'm not trying to SCARE you guys off and tell you not to ever get chipotle again. 
 . 
 whenever you decide to get some chipotle. 
 double-check your food for bugs. 
. 
. 
AND if you have the time and chance to (if you find a critter in your food) go complain. 




The service was great when I went. 
 They were patient with me when I was a little indecisive of what I wanted in my bowl. 
 In case you've never gone to Chipotle before. 
 it kinda has that Subway concept where you walk in and tell them what you want step-by-step. 
 I love places like this because you literally make your food how you want it done. 
 And if it doesn't taste good. 
 then that you're own fault for telling them to make it like that. 
 lol. 
 Harsh. 
 . 
 it's true. 


My only thing I have to nitpick about is the price. 
 It can get pricey. 
 . 
 for the quality and service. 
 I understand it's a little more. 
 I got a steak bowl. 
 my boyfriend got a burrito. 
 and we wanted chips and salsa on the side and it ended up being $15. 
 But with how full you're going to be when you're done eating. 
 that $15 is worth it. 



That said- I will be back. 



This is a review about the location in general. 


Went on a Thursday afternoon around 2:30pm and it was PACKEDD. 
. 
. 
 I thought the "typical lunch hour" was over so there wouldn't be that much of a wait. 
 Boy. 
 was I wrong. 
. 
. 
Not only was the parking lot small as hell. 
 . 
 parking spaces were hard to find. 
 I was lucky enough to be at the right place at the right time as someone was backing up. 


I've read previous reviews that the line CAN be super long and would wrap around the store. 
 I saw that as I arrived . 
 I was prepared for it so no surprises on my part. 
 I waited a good 10minutes before I was served. 


I understand this place can constantly be crowded with CSUF students and all. 
 . 
 damn. 
. 
. 
. 
DO THEY REALLY HAVE TO RUSH MY ORDER LIKE I'M A NUISANCE TO THEM. 
?. 
?. 
. 
? First they got my order wrong. 
 I specifically said NO BEANS on my steak bowl ($6. 
63 with tax). 
. 
. 
I don't have a shy. 
 timid voice. 
. 
. 
. 
I spoke in a tone loud enough for them to hear. 
 and they STILL put beans on my bowl. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 So they had to start my bowl over again. 


Long story short:
-they were super stingy on my rice. 
 ONE FUCKIN SCOOP. 
. 
. 
?? Are you serious. 
?. 
?. 
 Other Chipotle fills up my bowl with rice. 
. 
. 
. 

-super stingy on almost everything. 
. 
. 
. 

-do they hire "difficult in hearing" employees. 
? They can't hear me if their lives depended on it. 
 Yes. 
 I want pico de gallo. 
. 
. 
yes I also want the corn too. 
 And lettuce. 
 Yes. 
 I want the lettuce also. 
. 
this one right here. 
 YES. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 THAT LETTUCE. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
  -__- ugh. 
 annoying. 

-kept on getting rushed like a herd of cows. 



I LOVE Chipotle. 
 . 
 I wouldn't go to this one again. 
. 
. 
my first experience was irritating. 
. 
. 
 Even though it's right by my school. 
. 
. 
no thanks. 
. 
. 
I rather wait to eat lunch when I get home or just eat somewhere else in general. 



-Cynthia-




fast
friendly

and this location prob has the most seats in the complex -- the parking lot gets full during the week at lunch so carpool. 



My food of choice is the burrito. 
 with black beans and brown rice. 
 steak. 
 hot salsa and cheese. 
  Since switching to the brown rice. 
 I do not experience the food coma (insulin spike). 
 that I used to experience with the white rice. 



Although I have noticed they are putting less and less rice and beans. 
 I usually have to ask for more. 


No complaints :)



My favorite toppings are the corn salsa. 
 the mild salsa. 
 the medium salsa. 
 some sour cream. 
 lettuce. 
 cheese. 
 rice. 
 fajita (peppers. 
onions) and no beans. 


Service is quick and they're really friendly. 
 They never complain if you ask for more or less of something. 


The prices aren't bad at all either. 
 Prices went up recently. 
 . 
 only by like. 
. 
 10-20 cents or so. 


Can get REALLY busy because of CSUF and Western State being so close. 
 I tend to go right when it opens so the wait won't be so long. 
 But even if the line is long. 
 it tends to go fast. 
 It's only been really slow once when someone was buying for her entire workplace or something (8+ items). 


My order is always: 
Steak bowl to go. 
 no lettuce. 
 & a side of chips. 
 

How hard is that?



I usually go to the Chipotle in Orange at the Village. 
 . 
 I found that this one in Fullerton is a little better. 
  Cleaner. 
 better service. 
 and they give a little more food :)

In general. 
 you really can't go wrong with Chipotle. 
  They have high-quality food that always tastes delicious. 
  Something about their guacamole and sour cream is just addicting. 
  New to Chipotle?  Try the BURRITO BOWL. 
  You'll be overwhelmed the regular burrito if it's your first time. 
  (ha)  It's packed. 
. 
. 
and if you get just about everything like I do. 
 you won't be able to fit your mouth around it. 
  But if you like a challenge. 
 go for it. 
  . 
)

Oh. 
 and they have good ethics too. 
  Read about them on their website. 
  They follow the statement "Food With Integrity" which is always a big plus. 




My favorite is the chicken burrito bowl. 
 You get to choose white rice. 
 pinto. 
black beans. 
 green bell peppers & onions. 
 cheese. 
 lettuce. 
 guacamole (extra charge). 
 and salsa (pico de gallo. 
 corn salsa. 
 or hot red salsa). 
 
The guacamole is amazing here. 
 I also like to get their tortilla chips. 
. 
. 
tastes so good with the guacamole :)

The burritos come with any of the things above as well. 
 I usually like my burritos with steak instead of chicken though. 
 The steak is OK for me. 
 . 
 the chicken is always a hit. 
 

Around lunch time. 
 the line can get very long. 
 . 
 don't worry. 
 the line moves super fast. 
 If the line is at the door. 
 you will be ordering in less than 5 minutes. 


Service is always great. 
 They always serve good portions of the food. 
 and if you want something more or less. 
 they happily oblige. 
 And wow are they quick at making your bowls and burritos. 




The only bad thing is that if you go during lunch time. 
. 
. 
then expect to wait in a very long line with all the college students. 



Bottomline: Not much to say. 
 except it gets packed most of the time because of it's close proximity to campus. 
 

Sidenote: After being on a 12-hour fast and finishing some trials for studies on campus. 
 this has saved my . 
t on more than one occasion. 






No - It's not authentic Mexican food. 
 So? go somewhere else for that. 
 Honestly it's a huge fast food chain how authentic do you want it. 
 Do you hate Taco Bell and Del Taco too. 
 if so get the stick out of your ass. 
  

No - McDonalds does not own it anymore. 
 

Yes - Chipotle is still the bomb. 
com  All these low ratings are annoying me. 



Went there yesterday and they were playing Brazilian music. 
. 
. 
 caught me off guard . 
 it was cool. 



TIPS you can ask for a quesadilla even though it is not on the menu . 
 I recommend the steak one . 


 
That is NOT the way to run your business. 
 By the time I finished ordering for myself and two other people. 
 we were so frustrated we decided we were done. 
 So basically because Chipotle wants to be stingy with a few cents worth of food. 
 you've lost not only me . 
 two other devoted Chiptole fans that would frequent this particular Chipotle at least a few times a month. 
 GOOD JOB. 
 Makes sense right? save 50 cents. 
 lose 3 customers that spend about 10 dollars each time. 
 We will be going to the new Chipotle in Brea to avoid these issues in the future. 


Sometimes it is hard to find parking and the line can get long. 
 . 
 it moves relatively fast. 
 The wait is definitely worth it. 



Everytime. 
 it feels like the first. 
. 
. 



pz


My usual order consists of a chicken burrito loaded with seasoned rice. 
 black beans. 
 pizza (just seeing if you're paying attention). 
 a mix of salsas. 
 corn. 
 cheese. 
 and sour cream. 
 If I'm feeling sexy. 
 or just want to get the staff out of their usual burrito and burrito bowl grind. 
 I opt for the soft tacos with about the same combo of ingredients as above. 


Whatever you choose. 
 stop by this location if you want the perfect combination of being minutes away from a university (CSUF) and seconds from Starbucks (almost next door). 



If I have a Chipotle craving we order online and try to go at an off-peak time. 
  Sometimes it's just worth the hassle. 
  : -  )


Despite the long line. 
 its often not long before you are done paying for your food and finding a seat. 


The quality of the food is excellent. 
 like most of other Chipotle locations. 


They have cut down by about 20%-30% on the quantity of the meat they use over the past 1-2 years. 
  Also. 
 the gaucomole is overpriced. 
 I still get it because it tastes so good. 


Corn Tortilla
Lettuce
Cheese
Chicken 
Corn Salsa

That's all I need. 
 and it satisfies every time. 



The prices for the burritos and other stuff I think are pretty fair. 
 They vary by location - in NYC they're almost $8 - . 
 in general. 
 SoCal Chipotle locations (including this one) are quite reasonable. 
 However. 
 I don't feel the same way about the extras. 
 The chips are good. 
 . 
 too expensive. 
 The extra charge for guacamole is. 
. 
. 
 a lot. 
 I can't even remember what other stuff they have because I'd never order it. 
 Soda is reasonable (just get the small one and refill it a couple of times while you're there). 


This particular location gets rather busy if you go at the wrong time. 
 when CSUF is in session. 
 The parking lot is pretty cramped too. 
 although generally you should always be able to find a spot. 
 The service here is pretty good. 
 . 
 can be spotty (this is true in general for Chipotle). 
 In all this is a good location. 
 . 
 not great. 
 I can't give it five stars because I've been to some really great Chipotles (including the aforementioned NYC locations). 


This branch is filled with friendly staff and the embience you expect from a tin-wrapped burrito joint. 
 Loverly. 
 loverly. 
 indeed. 





My buddy called me out. 
 "Hey. 
 didn't you give up fast food for Lent?"
"Yea. 
. 
. 
. 
 what's your point?"
"You can't eat here. 
"  

NOOOOOOOO. 
. 
  Did I really doom myself into 40 days of no ginormous foil wrapped burritos?  I had to think fast. 
  "Let's define fast food. 
 shall we?  I only count places with a drive-thru so Chipotle counts as a sit-down restaurant. 
"  He said fine. 
  Haha. 


Service is quick here and sometimes it does feel like a fast food joint. 
 . 
 the ingredients are fresher and taste a bit better. 
 maybe healthier?  I usually get my chicken burrito bowl topped with fajita onions and bell peppers. 
 all the salsas. 
 sour cream. 
 cheese. 
 black beans and sometimes guac. 
  Insanely delicious. 


I noticed the other patrons mixing different types of meat. 
  Interesting. 
  I'll have to try that next time. 
  Also. 
 if you're in a rush. 
 you can place your order online and cut the long lunch line. 
  I always crack up when you point your arrow over the toppings you want and the female voice with an accent says the name out loud. 
  You also get to name your burrito online. 
  I usually go with Bob the Burrrrrrito. 


Service is efficient and resembles an assembly line. 
  ~$6 for lunch. 
  I'm happy I resolved my Lent issue and can continue to enjoy the chicken bowl. 
  Nom nom nom. 






Anyways. 
 I eat here 3 days a week. 
 lol  Its delicious. 



Also. 
 customers here aren't the brightest bulbs in the pack. 
  This couple behind me made me laugh as they discussed. 
 "What is barbacoa?"  Of course the dude was trying to impress the girl: "I took Spanish a few years ago. 
 . 
 I'm thinking it means 'barbecued'"  D-bag. 
 the menu says it's braised. 
 not grilled. 
  Come here for a good laugh. 



But. 
 the ONLY complaint I have is that they are rather slow. 
 The line is always long and takes forever. 
 I have been to a TON of different Chipotles and most of them. 
 the line moves fast. 
 But. 
 not this one. 
 There was even one time when I was ready to pay and I had to stand there (at the cash register) for like FIVE min. 
 waiting to pay. 
 Everyone in line behind me was getting so frustrated. 
 The lady finally came out from the kitchen to ring me. 
 and everyone else up. 
 It was kind of annoying. 



This specific Chipotle is just too dirty for my appetite. 



You ask for not one. 
 . 
 TWO SCOOPS OF CORN SALSA. 
 Thee end. 


You can thank me by making out a check to Jonathan N. 
 . 
)





Chipotle is my favorite of all the Mexican-like chains out there. 
. 
. 
. 
 followed by Wahoos and Baja Fresh. 
  I like Wahoos a lot and Baja Fresh is good. 
 . 
 Chipotle has the best flavor of all of them. 
 Their corn salsa is my favorite thing on the Chicken burrito. 
. 
. 
. 
mmmm. 
. 
. 


Parking sucks like nothing has ever sucked before. 
 . 
 it's worth it if you can find a spot to park. 
 Definitely a great alternative to Pick up Stix. 
. 
. 
. 
 Only problem is some of the people (customers) can be rude. 



I'm a big fan of the off-menu quesarrito. 
 so I ordered it like normal and they nodded as if this was a usual request and began preparing it. 
  For those who have never had a quesarrito. 
 the usual procedure is that a normal quesadilla is made and then opened to be filled with the regular burrito contents. 
  At this location. 
 once they piled the cheese on the tortilla (to be fair. 
 it was a generous amount of cheese) they asked what type of meat I wanted. 
  I told them. 
 and they put that on as well. 
  This is not entirely out of the ordinary. 
 I've been to a couple locations that press the meat and cheese together and it's actually pretty good (although you almost always end up getting less meat than normal). 
  After the meat. 
 they asked what kind of salsa I wanted. 
  At this point I stopped them and asked if they were going to press it first. 
 figuring they probably just forgot what I'd ordered. 
  They said they press it at the end. 
  Maybe that's how some people like it. 
 and far be it from me to tell anyone how to order their food. 
 . 
 I like the salsa. 
 lettuce. 
 etc to be cold when I start to eat. 
 so I asked them (politely) to please press it before they continued. 
  They flat out refused. 
 stating that it was "against policy. 
" despite the fact that I've made this identical order at least seven other locations. 
 none of which have pressed the quesarrito as the final step. 
 I went along with their way making it and begrudgingly paid. 


The resulting creation ended up being less than half the size of a normal burrito (to aid in pressing it at the end. 
 I imagine). 
 and was oozing its contents from at least three separate tears at different points in the tortilla (this normally doesn't happen with quesarritos. 
 and when it does. 
 most employees have the courtesy to double-wrap). 
  I've never had a Chipotle refuse to prepare my food like that. 
  If this had been my first Chipotle experience. 
 I doubt I'd ever go back to any of their locations in the future. 


Avoid this particular location at all costs. 



Hands down. 
 best guacamole and chips. 



I usually always get the chicken burrito bowl. 
 I guess it really depends on the server because today I hardly got any meat in my burrito bowl. 
 What a shame. 
 I had to ask the lady twice for extra of everything because she barely put anything in. 
 

Pretty fresh veggies and the salsa is good. 
 

The guac and chips is pretty good here. 
 

Price for a burrito bowl is around $6. 
50. 
 It's not really cheap and they never have coupons haha :)



First off if you get the burrito here you are an idiot . 
 if you happen to get a burrito you have to have them mix it for you otherwise you will have to go through all the phases. 
 Rice beans meat lettuce and its not as appetizing. 
 

On the other hand if you got a burrito bowl then your a genius. 
 The key to the burrito bowl is that you ask for tortilla on the side. 
 The tortilla is completely free and you get the bowl. 
 Then you ask for a cup of water and fill that baby up with coke and your set. 
 (I only got caught once) 

that is the devilish way to get Chipotle. 
 

if you feel like a baller than you guacamole that burrito bowl up and your set. 
 

Now this is personally one of my favorite Chipotle because this is where I use to hang out with all my friends and talk about all things. 
 

It was our hangout and will always be my second home. 


Skinny fat kids unite. 



Unfortunately. 
 that one cool lady can't make up for all the times that I have been thrown attitude or my salsa magically never gets put into my to go bag or perhaps when the restaurant refuses to make black beans. 
. 
. 
. 
granted they were closing in 10 mins . 
 honestly. 
 they are just going to force me and the other 5 couples in line behind us to pay for something we don't want or possibly some of us cannot eat. 
 FYI the re fried beans have BACON DRIPPINGS in them. 
 a half a cup for a pound of beans. 
 FAT and NOT cool. 
   Not very helpful at all. 
 I hate it when places close up their stuff and don't offer things just because they are near closing time. 
. 
. 
 technically they are not closed and that is not good customer service at all. 
 

This location is the worst by far and the parking lot is HORRIBLE. 
 Everyone parks and drives like A-Holes. 




Secondly. 
 I order online a lot and they have not perfected this system yet. 
 every time I place an online order for this Chipotle there is always something wrong with the order. 
  It's been so BAD that they have compensated by giving my entire office free lunch and there were still items wrong even on the compensation order. 
  

The only time I will come here now is when I am desperate and forget my lunch on the counter at home. 
  If the lot is packed chances are I will just drive by and go without eating at all. 



Please go to any other Chipotle than the Fullerton one. 
 The Fullerton one you will seriously pull your hair out from parking to standing in line for about 20 minutes. 
 Everyone is right. 
 It's fricken a nightmare. 
 and that is "non peak" hours too. 


Anyway This place really is great. 
 and is better than the one in yorba linda. 

Oh and the servings are huge if your really really hungry you can finish off the burritto. 
 or else it will do you two meals. 

Subway for burrittos. 











The first time I went there. 
 I had no clue what I had to do or order. 
. 
. 
. 
 so I picked the chicken burrito. 
 little did I know that I would have to choose the beans. 
 rice or no rice. 
 salsa. 
 sour cream or no cream. 
 any cheese. 
 any guac?. 
?. 
? That was a lot of choices for someone who hardly makes decisions. 
 The girl there was so sweet when she redid my whole burrito when I switched salsa choices from mild to medium (bless her cause I had no idea what I was doing). 


Ever since then. 
 I have order the chicken burrito. 
 with rice. 
 black beans. 
 the mild salsa with the corn in it. 
 sour cream. 
 cheese (cause who doesn't love cheese) and guac on the side. 
 That's my jammed pack chicken burrito. 


Next I will try the burrito bowls. 
 the tacos. 
 the salads. 
. 
. 
 whatever they can throw at me. 
 

I have also gotten my parents hooked on the craze too. 
 When I tell them I'm going to eat there. 
 they immediately place their orders. 
 So now I have to memorize 3 burrito orders now. 
 

I'm just sad that there isn't a chipotle near the office. 
. 
. 
. 
 which I guess is a good thing seeing how my gym trainer would kill me if I ate that every day. 



* Students get free soda. 
 so bring your id cards . 
)

The location is in a very good area. 
 & there's a yogurtland. 
baskin robbins. 
starbucks next store. 
 So you can drop by there after eating chipotle for a little dessert. 
 mmmmmm 

The bad thing is. 
 it always super packed and there's never any seating . 
 The lines are crazy long. 
 . 
 they work quick so you end up not having to wait that long. 
 Just in case though. 
 they allow you to call ahead of time and order whatever you want so you can just come in. 
 pick up & pay. 
 Lastly. 
 its pretty expensive. 
 I can't afford to eat there everyday. 
 even though I wish I could. 



Oh. 
 Chipotle. 
. 
. 
 regardless of what I know with my reason--that you are a corporation looking to make a profit--in my heart I truly know that you're there for me in my times of hunger. 
 in my times of need. 
 and I thank you for this. 


I miss you. 
. 
. 



This location gets CRAZY crowded during lunch so come early (before 11:30) or expect a long wait (and no available seats). 


It gets busy throughout the day and parking can be a pain in the . 
t. 
 But it's not impossible. 
 =)
Burrito bowls are the way to go. 

The staff is pretty friendly and I was always satisfied with the food. 

Overall. 
 my favorite Chipotle location. 



The only thing keeping me from giving this restaurant a 5 is the fact that it's in Fullerton and extremely busy every time i go there. 
 there is always a line and don't even think about going there during lunch time if you do not have 20 extra minutes to wait in line. 
 
the chipoltle flavored hot sauce is also great. 

they have cilantro if you ask. 
 . 
 most people don't know about it. 


Every Chipotle is always damn packed. 

A burrito the size of person's head is about $5. 
 and if you have a student id freee drink. 


Pour the smoked tabasco all over them babies. 
 chips&Guac you're set. 

OMG their Guacamole is pretty damn delicious. 
  And the corn salsa (I always ask for extra corn salsa)



The gauc is overpriced. 
 don't bother. 
 :)



Because this one is close to school. 
. 
. 
there are often long lines and no seats. 

But this one is nice because it is located right by CSUF. 
 3 other little squares that have fun things to do (99 cent store. 
 smart and final PLUS. 
. 
 goodwill. 
 yogurtland. 
 starbucks. 
. 
. 
. 
and many more)
cheap fast yummy food :)


. 
. 
. 
they have really yummy tortilla chips. 
  I dont kow why. 
. 
i guess they are just more crispy then crunchy and nicely flavored :)


yay students get free sodas :)


parking suck OMG. 
 they need to bulldose the rest of the parking lot. 
 what a nightmare. 
 order online and save time and avoid the CSUF Line. 



Here at Fullerton. 
 be mindful of when school lets out if you want to avoid big crowds - it's sandwiched between Cal State and Fullerton College. 


Little known tip? You can pick more then one meat. 
 Try half chicken and half barbacoa. 
 You can thank me later. 




I just can't. 
  

Firstly. 
 there's the parking. 
  Call me old and crotchety. 
 . 
 this parking lot is a nightmare. 
  College kids running amuck everywhere. 
 driving poorly and obnoxiously. 
  Once you find yourself inside. 
 you'll probably be standing at the entrance of the door. 
 because there's ALWAYS a line at this Chipotle. 
 

Once you get to the front to tell the nice guy your order. 
 he seemingly listens to you. 
 . 
 throws your burrito bowl over to the next girl and the next girl and so on. 
 while you're still at the first guy trying to order your husband's burrito. 
  So now I've completely lost track of my burrito bowl. 
 and they're attempting to catapult my husband's burrito to the finish line as fast as they can. 
  Then they cover it up and wrap it. 
 and then try to give my first item to someone else in front of me. 
 because they've lost track of whose stuff is whose. 
  This ALWAYS ends badly for me. 
  They ALWAYS forget something. 
 and when you're taking it home to eat. 
 it's really depressing to realize they neglected to put your black beans or guacamole in your burrito bowl. 
  I'm too lazy to call and complain or take it back (the PARKING LOT. 
. 
. 
). 
  They HAVE done this to me while eating in the restaurant. 
 and I did complain that time. 
. 
. 
. 
 seriously. 


I wish they'd just SLOW DOWN. 
  This isn't a race. 
  If I have to wait ONE MORE MINUTE for my burrito bowl to be correct. 
 it's fine. 
  I don't think the world will end. 




Overall. 
 the food is good. 
 The only thing that kind of sucks with this place is when a new person is working in the front and the new person takes twice as long as an experienced person. 
 Would recommend to at least try out the place. 
 if you haven't already. 



It turns out that while my co-worker was in the bathroom. 
 there were 2 stalls. 
  (Don't worry. 
 it doesnt' get graphic. 
)  My co-worker was in one. 
 and some other person was in the other stall. 
  The other person was on the phone while peeing. 
 and of course. 
 my co-worker thought that was way weird. 
  They both happened to get out at the same time. 
  My co-worker stops at the sink. 
 while the other person continues on the phone. 
 and proceeds out the door. 
. 
. 
  When she looked to see what kind of person would leave without washing their hands. 
 she saw the back of the girl's t-shirt that says. 
 "I made the salsa. 
"  (Chipotle's signature shirt. 
)  DISGUSTING. 
  Needless to say. 
 after my co-worker washed her hands. 
 she grabbed me. 
 and we left. 



Incident #1
I ordered a chicken burrito bowl. 
  I took a bite and was happily munching away. 
  About half way through. 
 I looked down to scoop my next bite. 
 when I spotted a little black thing. 
  Do my eyes deceive me?  Is that a gnat sleeping (aka dead) in my bed of lettuce? Hmmm. 
. 
. 
. 
 *pick it out. 
 place on my napkin. 
 and continue eating*  Extra protein right?  
As I reach to take another bite. 
 I look down at my fork and spot another little black thing. 
 the dead gnat's cousin perhaps?  Haaay~ it's a family affair. 
  But afraid my stomach might end up as a gnat cemetary. 
 I brought the bowl to the cashier. 
manager and showed him the little creatures. 
  He nonchalantly threw away the bowl and proceeded to make me a new one. 
 before I even opened my mouth. 
  No "I'm sorry"  No "We'll give you a refund"  No NOTHING. 
  
So. 
 like a good girl. 
 I took my new bowl back and sat down to finish just a few more bites (I was hungry). 
  When lo and behold. 
. 
. 
 another FRIGGIN GNAT. 
  *sigh*  At that point I was too disgusted with the gnats and the staff's behavior to even bother to complain. 


Incident #2  (3 months later)
During lunch hours. 
 this place can get pretty crowded with a line going almost out the door. 
  But this day. 
 it was pretty slow (maybe about 3-4 people in line). 
  The first lady in line prepared the tortilla for my burrito. 
 I tell her "just a little pinto beans please. 
"  She hands it off to the guy next to her and he plops a heaping scoop of beans. 
  I am speechless. 
  I stare at him and say "didn't I just say I wanted a LITTLE?"  He has a dumb look on his face and says "ohh" and continues to stand there holding my burrito. 
  I felt like we were in a staring contest to see who blinks first. 
  So I'm waiting for him to take off the beans or start making a new one. 
 . 
 the sucker doesn't budge (damn. 
). 
  Not wanting to be rude and hold up the line. 
 I give up. 
  Next come the vegetable and condiments. 
  The lady asks if I want sour cream. 
 "A li~" *plopping a ladelfull of cream* "~ttle. 
"  At least she has the "oops. 
 my bad" face and tries to wipe some off. 
 . 
 it's too late. 
  She hands it to the next lady and she starts to roll it up. 
 which at this point I can't take anymore and yell "STOP. 
"  geez. 
 and I wanted some lettuce (yeah I know). 
  So the woman sprinkles a few strands of lettuce and pauses to double check if there is anything else I want. 
 like it was my fault they are moving too fast. 
  Dejected. 
 I say no and proceeds to roll the burrito which now looks positively violated. 
  Finally. 
 it is my turn to pay. 
  The lady is rushing me to hurry up and pay. 
 when the good girl inside of me wants to cuss everyone out. 
 . 
 instead I shout at them "SLOW DOWN WILL YAH?. 
. 
 GEEZ. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 THERE'S HARDLY ANYONE IN LINE. 
. 
. 
"  There is a brief moment of silence. 
. 
. 
 did it get through to them?  No. 
. 
. 
 not one bit. 
  After I get my change. 
 everyone goes back to feverishly generating disfunctional burritos. 


I really want to like you Chipotle. 
 I honestly do. 
  But you make it so difficult. 
  I'll say it again. 
. 
. 
 you have ONE last chance. 


Update:  I went back a couple days ago to get a chicken bowl. 
  The service was ok this time. 
 they were not being pushy. 
  HOWEVER. 
 they ran out of chicken. 
  Wait. 
 there's more. 
  So a couple of us were standing there waiting for the chicken to be ready. 
  I was thinking to myself. 
 great~ I'm gonna get fresh chicken. 
  But when I got home and proceeded to eat. 
 I noticed some of the chicken pieces looked undercooked. 
  Luckily I did see the griller stick in a themometer in the chicken. 
 so I'm sure it was "somewhat safe" to eat. 
  But it was only once. 
 and I don't think he checked all of them. 
  That was my last chance for this Chipotle. 
 I shall eat here no more. 
  (To show you guys I'm not making this stuff up I took photos this time. 
 see pictures). 




"umm Dave. 
 are you close by?"
"ohhh. 
 no. 
 I had some trouble getting out of San Diego. 
"
"i see"
"yeaaaah. 
 I'm all the way down by Mission Viejo"
"That's not good. 
"
"No. 
. 
 It's not. 
"
"We had a one o'clock today. 
 guy" (I only call people "guy" when I'm pissed)
"Yeah. 
 I know. 
 . 
 I got stuck down here in San Diego. 
 Can you come back later?"
"DUDE. 
 I just drove up here from work. 
 you knew that's what I was doing. 
"
"can I just mail them to you. 
 and you can sign and mail them back?"
"yeah. 
 that's fine. 
 whatever. 
" 
::click::

I hung up. 
 I will be yelping about him later. 
 . 
 only after he finishes with my paperwork. 
 

I had the steak burrito with pinto beans. 
 no salsa. 
 extra hot sauce. 
 light cheese. 
 Mind you I had it only 10 minutes after this conversation and it made everything alright. 
 god bless Chipotle's GIANT burritos. 
 I only ate half and am saving the other half for dinner. 
 It was delicious. 




the concern was finding a table. 
 especially with the college crowd. 
 which seemed like NO problem. 
 everyone was in and out of there as soon as they were done. 
 with a few couples. 
. 
. 
maybe on their first date or something like that. 


the service was quick and very. 
 very good. 
 in fact. 
 I'm giving it 5 stars because one employee was on his break. 
 . 
 when he noticed that the iced tea dispenser was out. 
. 
. 
he went to the back to inform the others that we needed more iced tea. 
 didn't get his name or I would have given him a shout out in the review. 


maybe my favorite Chipotle spot in the OC. 
. 
. 



I dropped a glass bottle of jalapeno tabasco sauce here and it shattered all over the floor. 
 splattering all over some guy sitting at a table near me. 
  I almost died. 
 I was so embarrassed. 
 Everyone was staring at me. 
 I started stuttering out an apology and grabbing napkins to help clean off the man when some of the staff came rushing out with a broom. 
 They asked me if I was ok. 
 they asked the splattered man if he was OK. 
 and then proceeded to quickly clean up the mess I'd made. 
 Everything was cleaned up in less than a minute and they even asked me if I wanted more tabasco sauce (I had to say no while my face turned red in shame) I then rushed over to the splattered man to see if I could be of any assistance . 
 he just smiled and told me he wasn't hurt. 
 it was only a little bit of hot sauce and his favorite kind to boot. 
 so not to worry about it and make sure I wasn't hurt myself. 


Man. 
. 
 are these people nice or are they NICE??. 




Some of the workers there experience a pretty big language barrier and sometimes it's difficult to explain that you'd like a vegetarian burrito and that it includes no meat. 
 Also. 
 they tend to skimp on the rice which probably isn't bad if you're getting meat . 
 on a vegetarian burrito that's much of what it includes. 
 Most of the workers also don't realize that the black beans are the only vegetarian beans as their pinto beans are cooked in bacon. 


The service is usually pretty quick though sometimes I think they focus more on getting food done quickly than being friendly and not seeming rushed. 
 In fact. 
 there's times where your burrito will get well ahead of you while in line and you have to shout what you'd like on it across a number of people because the cash register can't keep up with the people making the food. 


Unfortunately this location (and possibly others) no longer offer free soda to college students. 


This location seems a bit dirty at times. 
 The tables are rarely cleaned off by the workers and pieces of food frequently cover the floor. 
 The soda machine also never seems to have any ice. 




I used to love the burritos. 
 . 
 lately it just seems. 
. 
. 
excessive. 
 Too much food. 
 too much sodium apparently. 
 and. 
 most importantly. 
 too much money. 
 If anyone knows how to make their rice. 
 please let me know. 
 Thanks. 











