

This is not buffet. 

They have 1-3 item combos (all under $10) that come w rice and naan. 
 

We like how the combo items are not too creamy-rich. 
 They have a good amount of spice. 
 We like the goat curry. 
 chicken spinach. 
 and egg plant. 
 

You can tell the samosas are freshly hand made. 
 The herbal flavors are evident as well. 
 

The mango lassi is very yogurt-thick. 
 No pistachios added. 
 

This place is casual. 
 no waiter service. 
 

This place is quick with good quality for its prices. 



Ordering online was easy. 
 It gives you pick up time options or an ASAP option. 
 The ASAP said the order would be ready within 30 mins. 
 I went about 15 after I placed the order and it was ready. 


The food was amazing. 
 I had a 2-combo plate and chose chicken tiki masala and tandoori chicken. 
 It came with a ton of rice. 
 The combo was supposed to come with naan. 
 . 
 I didn't get any. 
. 
. 
which was kinda sad. 
 . 
 the food was still really good. 
 

Will definitely come again. 


I waited for that goddamn nann for about 10 mins. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 
FAST FOOD? I THINK NOT. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 


I have not even tasted the food yet. 
 I don't care how good it is . 
 you need to treat all customers the same and you need to process your orders in which you received. 



No wonder my wife had a stomach ache thatvnight. 
 

I love Indian food and we've eaten at like a dozen mom and pop places around OC. 
 And this place had delicious food. 
 But they have to fix the health issues. 



I ordered the 3 plate combo: Chicken Tikka Masala. 
 Spinach and Cheese curry. 
 and Vegetable curry. 
 it automatically comes with rice. 
 They were all delicious. 


The Chicken Tikka Masala was a bit spicy . 
 it was so worth my tongue being on fire and my nose being runny. 


The Spinach and Cheese curry had the right amount of flavour. 


The Vegetable curry was a bit sweet . 
 tasty. 


Also. 
 pay a little more for thr Garlic Nan. 
. 
 So worth it. 
 

Definitely coming back here again. 


One last thing. 
  the place is a bit tiny so it's not good for big groups

But if you are thinking about checking this place. 
 definitely do it. 



I'm not sure I'm as convinced as everyone else. 
 Its kind of like internet dating. 
 You see their picture and they look sooooooo darn good  . 
 it was really a picture of them in their prime. 
 Hey trust me. 
 I did the internet dating in the 90s. 
 That's what this reminds me of. 
 The food looks soooo good. 
 . 
 the taste doesn't match the face. 
  Now that's just my opinion. 
 because a lot of people like the food here. 
 For me it was just meh. 
 Located off East Chapman in Fullerton near 7-11 and Pita Hot. 
 Just a handful of tables inside and a self serve soda machine. 
 Don't drink a lot since their is no public bathroom. 
 

We ordered 2 of the 2 item combos for about $18. 
00. 
 The vegetable korma was 90% cauliflower. 
 The sauce was not very flavorful. 
 Maybe it was an off night we all have them. 
 Tikka Masala tasted like something was missing. 
 Not as good as it could of been. 
 The tandoori chicken was over cooked and was not the typical red color. 
 It was more of a BBQ chicken. 
 

The only thing I really liked was the Garlic Naan. 
 I guess I drove all the way here to eat Naan bread. 
 Hey. 
 that's okay. 
 I used to drive 70 miles for one of my internet dates who I met in his prime. 
 

Just okay. 
. 
. 
not yet convinced. 
 I'm hoping I just came on a off night. 



I am not that old and I'm also no Hemingway. 
 . 
 I'm old at heart and there are times when I too long for a clean and well lit place. 
 When that place also happens to serve bomb Indian inspired rice dishes at an amazing price point. 
 then there is no choice . 
 to celebrate this beautiful establishment. 


Served cafeteria style. 
 a one entree plate grants you a heaping pile of basmati rice. 
 your choice of curry or other entrée. 
 and two large pieces of naan. 
 I love the tikka masala and the spinach curry. 
 The food is piping hot and the aromatics of the spices are sublime. 
 by the time you sit down. 
 your salivating glands are firing on all cylinders. 
  With your favorite Dil Se joint playing in the background. 
 it is time for the eating to commence. 


Like I said before the establishment is super clean and things are kept in tip top shape. 
 People of all ethnicities. 
 ages. 
 and just about any group of people you can think of stop by here to dine in or take out. 
 Good food and a great price is a universal phenomenon all people can understand. 
 And a clean and well lit place like here is something anyone can appreciate. 


I love Indian food because it's so flavorful with all the spices and Curry Hut offers some of the best curry around. 
 Definitely order their combos. 
 one item combo ($5. 
99). 
 two item combo ($6. 
99) and three item combo ($7. 
99). 
 which comes with 2 pieces of naan (upgrade to garlic naan for $0. 
50 extra) and rice. 
 They give generous scoops of their curry for to-go orders. 
 . 
 you can always ask them to pour it over the rice for extra. 
 I've tried most of their curry . 
 my favorite is the tikka masala (mild spicy). 
 veggies (mild spicy) and egg plant (very flavorful with a lot of spice). 
 Their naan is always made fresh when you order. 
 

This is my go-to place for when I want to grab a quick order to go so I can rush home to continue my GoT binge-watch. 






I do believe I've found a new favorite (with the help of the many respectable Yelpers who've come before me. 
 of course. 
)  Immediately upon crossing the threshold. 
 the flavorfully warm aroma of curry envelops you. 
  Chicken Tikka Masala. 
 Goat Curry. 
 Tandoori Chicken: so colorful and inviting. 
 savory and rich. 
. 
. 


. 
. 
. 
and fast. 


One- and two-order combos are certainly available. 
 . 
 why stop there?  Get a three-order. 
  After all. 
 you'll probably want to taste a bit of everything anyway. 
  And besides. 
 naan--honestly. 
 my favorite reason to enjoy Indian food--comes paired with your meal. 
  Whether plain or with Parmesan and garlic. 
 naan--puffy. 
 lightly browned. 
 and . 
tery--deserves being introduced to multiple curried dishes. 
 not just one. 


The employees are sincerely nice. 
  As you walk in. 
 it's as if they've been expecting you. 
  And if the food alone doesn't bring you back--I mean. 
 how could it not?--then their "thank you's" and "come again's" most assuredly will. 



I usually get the 2 item combo with the chicken tikka masala and goat curry. 
 You don't see goat at most places like this and it's actually pretty decent. 
 Depending on who's at the register. 
 there can be differences in the portion. 
 Feel free to ask them to generously pour the masala and curry over your rice. 
 You pay 50 cents to upgrade the naan to a garlic naan which is reasonable I suppose. 
 It's delicious dipped in the chicken tikka masala. 


I do have to admit that the food can be a bit inconsistent on different days. 
 Some days. 
 the chicken tikka masala is spicy and not as creamy and other days it's very creamy and mild. 
 Despite this. 
 I still think this place deserves 5 stars. 



I read about Curry Hut on YELP and wanted to try it. 
  It is kinda of a fast food type of Indian restaurant. 
 Its packed into a mini mall off of Chapman. 
 a couple blocks east of Raymond. 
  Parking sucks so we ended up parking on one of the side streets since every parking stall was taken. 


We usually order the two item combo. 
 You choose from one of ten choices. 
 some are vegetarian. 
 others with a protein like chicken or goat. 
 all of the choices are outstanding. 
 You also get rice and naan. 
 If you want the garlic naan (always go for the garlic). 
 it is 50 cents more. 
 There is also a choice for a one item or three item combo. 
 

Today I ordered chicken masala and vegetable korma. 
 It was terrific. 
 My wife had aloo gobi and vegetable korma. 
 It was so delicious and we were so hungry I neglected to take a picture until I had killed off most of my entree. 


This place is always packed at lunch. 
 very popular. 
 A good sign are the number of South Asians that frequent the place . 
 I honestly see people of all ages and backgrounds here. 
 The food is always piping hot and tasty. 


This is honestly one of my favorite places in Fullerton. 


Five stars. 




So it was one of those days where I had a certain hankering for something in particular. 
   I was on my way to Capri shoes picking up some shoes . 
 I took the streets because there was no way I was taking the 91 from the 55. 
 F that. 
  I went the wrong way and stumbled upon this shopping enter . 
  I saw the signage for fastish Indian food. 
  I had food in my fridge at home . 
 curiosity got the best of me and I don't live on this side of town so I need to take advantage. 


 I came in and took a look at the menu. 
 Everything looked fresh behind the glass window. 
 A guy in front of me wasn't ready and he said he was new to this place and I was like me too LOL. 
 They actually let you taste test before you order a full serving. 
 Which is cool for people who don't eat this kind of lovely food . 
I wanted a 3 item plate comes with naan and I upgraded to garlic naan for a few extra coins :p I picked palak paneer . 
 veggie korma and chicken tikka masala. 
 The service was nice and he made fresh garlic naan so I waited for about 5 minutes are so and I was on my merry way. 


 I got home and I was HOOOOOOONNNNNNNNGGGGGRY. 
 So I plated everything and started grubbing. 
 The food is SUPER FRESH. 
  BUT some of the ingredients that should shine in each dish are not apparent. 
 I wouldn't say bland . 
 the key ingredient that makes each dish of what they are was missing. 
 So they need to put a heavier hand . 
 especially in the veggie korma. 
 The chicken tikka was pretty good and the chicken was tender. 
 even for leftovers reheated it was still tender. 
 Their rice mixed with everything was addicting. 
 I couldn't stop eating it and the garlic naan was so fresh. 
  After my meal. 
 I was and still am anxious to come back. 
 My instagram friend tells me I have to try the goat curry. 
 it's his fav. 
 

  I was a happy camper overall. 
 just season up a few things more and it will be perfect. 
 I will be back. 




For $5. 
99. 
 you can get a 1 item combo. 
 and it's more than enough. 
 Huge portions. 
 

Every time I go. 
 someone comments on how big the portions are: "They give you a LOT. 
"

I guess this is considered Indian fast food. 
 . 
 it definitely feels authentic. 
 and the people behind the counter are very courteous. 
 

There's a good amount of seating. 
 including outdoor seating. 
 The TVs are always playing Bollywood music videos. 
. 
. 
 they're very entertaining. 
. 
. 
 so be prepared for good laughs HAHA 

All-in-all. 
 my church has become a regular at this place and we'll definitely come back for our Sunday lunches . 



If you're trying to decide on an Indian spot and this one is a little further. 
 the drive will be sooo worth it. 
 Trust me. 
. 



There's this Indian restaurant my wife and I frequented often called Cafe Bombay (if you're ever in Atlanta). 
 and we were craving Indian food. 
 specifically chicken tikka masala and Japan. 
 So after yelping around a bit. 
 we landed here at Curry Hut after all the rave reviews. 
 

At first glance. 
 it's not your typical Indian restaurant. 
 It literally looks like a fast food joint. 
. 
. 
 and inside looks like a fast food joint. 
 But the smells and the sights are a whole world different. 
 

Served cafeteria style. 
 your typical order can be 1. 
 2. 
 or 3 items. 
 I chose the 2-item plate with two servings of chicken tikka masala. 
 My wife chose the tandoori chicken and chicken tikka masala. 
 Each plate comes with rice and naan. 
 Upgrade your naan to garlic naan for only $. 
50. 
 totally worth it. 
 You can also order a la carte curry. 
 which has either a 2-3 or 4-5 serving portion which we might do next time. 
 

Ok - enough. 
 to the taste. 
 The first thing I noticed was the deep rich spices and the creamy taste of tikka masala. 
 But something was a little different. 
 When we would get Indian before. 
 every bite you take. 
 your stomach would slowly get fuller and your eyelids get heavier = food coma. 
 Indian food would always be followed by an Indian nap. 
 

But at Curry Hut. 
 that didn't happen. 
 The curry was flavorful yet surprisingly light. 
 All the flavor without all the heaviness. 
 Plus. 
 the naan was off the hook. 
 Fresh and ouffy. 
 plus the . 
tery garlic topping. 
 So perfect. 
 

I will admit. 
. 
. 
 it didn't have the same kind of satisfaction as the one in Atlanta. 
 . 
 it was definitely delicious. 
 Go check it out. 




We both ordered the two item combo with garlic naan along with an order of vegetable samosas. 
 Unfortunately. 
 one bite into my meal. 
 I knew that this wasn't what I would consider even close to authentic. 
 Americanized Indian food is the best way to describe the curry here. 
 It's so bland and watered down that I was just aching for some spice and heat. 
 My favorite Indian dish by far is Veggie Korma and it was a huge disappointment. 
 The vegetables were severely overcooked and the dish had no flavor. 
 The Chicken Curry was a little better . 
 it was so runny and lacked that richness that I associate with Indian food. 
 It tasted watered down basically. 
 The chicken was however moist. 
 We had the same issue with their Chicken TIkka Masala which probably was the best curry out of the three we had. 
 It tasted fine . 
 was lacking depth. 
 The Tandoori Chicken was also just okay. 
 A tad dry . 
 I always expect that in Tandoori Chicken. 
 

The best thing we ate from Curry Hut was by far their samosa. 
 Spicy. 
 full of herbs. 
 and seasoned to perfection. 
 I wish i had just gotten a few more of them and had my fill with their garlic naan which was cooked properly. 
 For what it's worth. 
 their prices are very reasonable and you will walk out with a decent amount of food. 
 I would personally just pay a little more and have better tasting food. 
 2. 
5


Boyfriend and I were both pretty hungry. 
 so we got the three item combo for $8. 
99 to split. 
 Turns out buying the two item combo would have sufficed. 
. 
. 
for BOTH of us. 
 The servings are very generous. 
 and the third item comes in a separate container. 
 almost like they knew you wouldn't be able to finish it. 
 I got the Chicken Tikka Masala. 
 Tandoori Chicken. 
 and Goat Curry. 
 The standout of the three was definitely the Chicken Tikka Masala- so much creamy flavor. 
 It was not that spicy. 
 so it's a pretty good introduction for anyone who hasn't tried much Indian food yet. 
 The other two were alright. 
 nothing bad. 
 . 
 not that memorable. 
 Another favorite part of the meal was the NAAN. 
 I partially judge Indian restaurants by how good their naan is. 
 and this place passes with flying colors. 
 So soft. 
 warm. 
 and perfectly dense enough to sop up the curry. 
 I should have gotten garlic naan. 
. 
. 
and also my own meal so I could have had my own naan. 
 

I think this place is excellent in value and great in terms of taste. 
 The people working there are really nice too. 
 It's a hop and a skip from Fullerton College. 
 so if you're taking classes there please patronize this business. 
 I know where to go for Indian food in Fullerton. 


Food: 4. 
 Service: 4. 
 Environment: 3. 
 Price: 5





My staple here is the spicy chicken curry and chicken tikka masala combo. 
 which comes with rice and a large piece of naan. 
 The spicy chicken curry is pretty spicy. 
 while the tikka masala is creamy and sweet. 
 Which is why they compliment each other perfectly. 
 I've also tried the chicken spinach. 
 which was good (and medium spicy. 
 which I didn't expect). 


The naan is super fluffy and soft. 
 make sure you dip your naan into the curry. 


Pro tips: Ask for extra sauce on top of your rice. 
 prevents you from running out of curry. 
 Also. 
 beware of the spices and seeds when eating the chicken tikka masala. 
 They don't fish them out and it tastes totally gross to bite into one of those seeds. 






It can be quite frustrating to make orders especially if you're a first timer. 




I went in around 4. 
5pm on a Sunday evening and as soon as I walked in with my friends. 
 we were instantly greeted by a really nice lady. 
 I got one entree. 
 the Chicken Tikka Masala with regular naan. 
 They also offer garlic naan as well. 
 Great flavor on both of them. 
 Prices are very good too. 
 good for a quick meal in or to go as well. 


The restaurant is very clean as well. 
 Many tables and high chairs around the corner. 
 Wide variety of drinks and they also have 2 TV screens usually playing Indian soaps on both ends of the little store. 


I do recommend this place and I will definitely be coming back in the near future. 



If you happen to go during a busy time. 
 and you opt to eat there instead of take out. 
 you may be waiting for a while for your bread. 
 I've been once before and they needed to be reminded that we hadn't received our naan before it was brought out to us. 
 

Tonight. 
 the place was reasonably busy with to go orders and I decided to eat there before class. 
 I'd ordered (and paid for) the garlic naan option . 
 i never got it. 
 Mine was the sole "for here" order in a sea of to-gos. 
 and those took priority it seems. 
 I took my time eating hoping it'd arrive before I ran out of sauce . 
 it never came. 
 I just heard the gal working up front calling for more orders to go. 
 I ended up leaving and not saying anything since they were so busy . 
 i was admittedly a little disappointed. 


That having been said. 
 the food. 
 when you get it. 
 is on point especially for the price and speed at which it comes to you. 
 Just wish they were better about the naan thing. 




To be honest. 
 at fist glance the food doesn't look really appetizing. 
 . 
 it is. 
 I recommend at least sampling each one before making a judgement call - you won't be disappointed. 
 Ps: This is a tiny hole in the wall place. 
 so don't be surprised if you have to wait a little for parking or getting your food. 
 especially if you go during rush our. 
 Enjoy. 



The Service is fast and you cant beat the price. 

The Naan is the slowest process . 
 is worth the wait. 



The food is amazing and on top of that. 
 the price is TOO GOOD. 


Since my humble stomach can not handle the 2 items combo. 
 so I went with the 1 item combo instead. 
 so did my bf. 
 

I got the Spinach and Cheese and Garlic Naan. 
 The curry is thick and pretty cheesy. 
 
Naan is EXTREMELY flavorful as if it took a long bath  in garlic before it is being served. 
 It is also big and fluffy. 
 

My bf got the Chicken Tikka Masala. 
 so I had a chance to try it out too. 
 At the very first taste I was HEAD OVER HEELS. 
 The curry is so creamy and so thick in flavor. 
 All the spices make up a mild spicy in the curry. 
 

Prior to the main meal. 
 I did a little tasting for yogurt something ( my memory is a little blurry). 
 It was pretty good. 
 . 
 a bit spicy for my taste for a mid day meal. 
 However. 
 it will be the first thing I get when I return for the 2nd time. 
 

Btw. 
 I was there on a Sat lunch. 
. 
. 
customers service was nice. 
 The server gave us a generous portion. 
 And despite the fact that most people didn't like the decorations. 
 I really enjoyed it because it gives out a local vibe and makes me feel comfortable. 



The meal would be far more enjoyable if the rice were prepared to be slightly softer. 
  That is my only taste complaint. 


The parking situation is sometimes difficult. 


Friendly and helpful people work here. 



Food is excellent. 
 fresh and a great value. 
. 
. 
 absolutely get the garlic naan. 
 If you get a tandoori item. 
 be aware it can take 20 minutes since they cook it to order. 
 All the hot table items are fresh and so. 
 so good. 
 Spinach chicken and chicken tikka masala dishes are amazing. 


People working there are very nice. 
 One star docked only for the general grunge factor - . 
 it doesn't affect my opinion of the food. 
 I would eat here every other day if my waistline and wallet allowed for it. 


If you are tired of waiting for Pita Hot. 
 walk over to Curry Hut. 


*Don't park in the 7-11 parking spots. 
 they will tow you. 







Plus. 
 you can watch Bollywood videos while your food is being prepared. 
 

Recommended. 



Good food. 
 reasonably priced. 
 Friendly service 
Good food. 
 reasonably priced. 
 Friendly service

Lunches on Sunday are usually spent at Mickey-D's
"Daddy's choice for lunch. 
" said my wife lovely
So I directed her to drive to Hut Curry. 


So I walked inside
Ordered the two-item plate
Around right bucks a value through and through

You're still my number one
I'm gonna have some eating fun
I'm gonna pour sauce on my rice
I'm gonna savor all the spice
And all the bites of naan
For value and Indian food fun
You're still my number one

The korma veggie it is a creamy delight
The chicken saag I savor every bite
The eggplant dish it is spiced just so right
Samosas huge. 
 a heat punch in every bite

Two big pieces of naan come with every plate
Just a bit more cash for garlic naan

You're still my number one
I'm gonna have some eating fun
I'm gonna pour sauce on my rice
I'm gonna savor all the spice
And all the bites of naan
For value and Indian food fun
You're still my number one

I got the 2 items combo: tikka masala and spinach cheese. 

The portion is huge for the price. 

The only surprise is just I don't expect the spinach cheese to be spicy. 
 . 
 it's all good. 

Definitely coming back. 
. 




So far I've tried the chicken tikka masala. 
 spinach. 
 cauliflower. 
potato. 
 and a chickpea dish. 
  Everything so far every good and has a nice bit of spicy kick to it. 
  The Naan they give you is a huge portion and you can get plain or garlic. 
  

If you're in the mood for some quick yet delicious Indian food check out Curry Hut. 



The downside is that their garlic naan (which is an additional $0. 
50 charge) although smells amazing. 
 tastes pretty not special. 
 

I was a fan of the veggie curry and their chicken tikki masala. 
 I'll be back for their pricing and speed of service :D





I know it claims to be fast food. 
 . 
 don't be fooled. 
 the quality at Curry Hut is top notch. 
 Foods off the hook. 
 definitely go. 



Just tried Curry Hut out last weekend. 
 Really great food. 
 We had the saag paneer. 
 chicken tikka masala. 
 chicken curry. 
 and aloo gobi. 
 Everything was very good. 
 We were offered samples of the food too. 
 

We were a little worried when we arrived because we thought it was a fast food place . 
 this is definitely a restaurant. 
 Think more chipotle standard than McDonald's. 
 

We were very pleased with out experience and we left saying "we've found our Indian place. 
" We'll definitely be returning. 



As soon as we enter. 
 a smile was welcoming us. 
 the person behind the counter gave us samples and all the food was delicious. 
. 
. 


DELICIOUS FOOD+AFFORDABLE PRICE= PARADISE. 
. 
. 

I definitely recommend this place with my eyes closed. 



Immediately upon stepping inside. 
 there is a small buffet of hot food trays with helpful labels on the sneeze guard directly in front of you and nice aromas from the kitchen. 
  I checked out their selections and menu board and decided on the two item combo for $7. 
99. 
  It comes with rice. 
 naan and raita (?). 
 not sure what that is. 
  I selected the chicken tikka masala. 
 the eggplant curry and garlic naan which costs a little bit more than the regular naan. 
  

After waiting a few minutes and watching the Bollywood station on TV. 
 I remembered to order the mango lassi (flavored yogurt) which I found to be nice and creamy although I had to save half of it to thin out later with some unsweetened almond milk to lessen the sugar content. 
. 
. 
 try it. 
 it's still delicious and no problem. 
 more for me to drink later. 
  

Everything was delicious. 
. 
. 
 the fragrant rice. 
 the mild and creamy chicken tikka masala with nice sized chunks of chicken. 
 the soft eggplant curry was nicely flavored and the garlic naan was a little smokey flavored (with burnt edges) . 
 nice and soft. 
  I'm not an expert on Indian food . 
 I would recommend this place for a fast Indian food craving. 
  I'm not sure what their official government health score is. 
  Eat in or take out. 
 vegetarian or not. 
 you'll be a happy and full Yelper. 




Now to the food. 
 It's just not that good. 
 It's obviously made for American palate which means bland and flavorless . 
 I guess that's why this place has good rating. 
  This place is where people go so they can claim they are a fan of Indian food even though most dishes barely qualifies as such. 
  It's like ordering california rolls and philly rolls and claiming that one is a fan of sushi . 
 would never get nigiri or something. 


Most of the dishes did not taste like the dish it was suppose to be. 
 The tikka masala was bland and had very little tomato and cream flavor. 
 It was very light and watered down. 
 The korma was bland as well. 
 The garlic naan had zero garlic flavor. 
 Where was my raiti? 

I knew I should have ate at a sit down Indian restaurant. 



The flavors are explosive. 
 The food is fresh. 
 The owner is incredibly sweet and takes the time to try and get to know you and your name when you come in more than once. 
 

This is the BEST naan in the world. 
 Soft. 
 and thick. 
 with just a slight crunch on the outside. 
 It's home cooking available to the people. 
 The pricing is reasonable. 
 

Dishes I've tried:

Chicken Tikki Masala 10. 
5 stars. 
 Yes this is possible. 
 It is just that GOOD. 
  Ask for extra sauce for dipping. 
 

Cauliflower and Potatoes 5. 
5 stars. 
 Not too spicy. 
 Wonderful flavor. 
 Healthy. 


Veggie Samosas  5. 
5 stars (They are HUGE and come with wonderfully sweet sauce)

Spinach and Cheese 4. 
5 stars. 
 Solid and delicious. 
 Just not something I order a lot. 


Tandoori Chicken 3. 
5 stars (Other people would rate it a 5. 
5. 
 For me its too spicy - . 
 this is only PERSONAL PREFERENCE)

Mango Chutney 1. 
5 stars. 
 It's too thick. 
 too sweet. 
 and comes ice cold. 
 I don't recommend it. 


The decor is not awesome (think hole in the wall). 
. 
. 
 . 
 really who cares? If you're a foodie you'll get over it. 
 If you like Bollywood music though. 
 you'll be really happy here. 
 

I do recommend you NOT get a fountain drink and purchase a canned soda instead. 
 The mix tends to be off - and with a canned soda you know what you're getting. 
 They have a huge selection. 
. 
. 
 never fear. 
 

Be advised they do not have public restrooms. 
 They do have indoor and outdoor seating though. 


I would give them 5 stars . 
 they close early (i'm a night owl with late classes) and I wish they had delivery. 



Satisfy your curry cravings. 



Highly recommend. 
 :)






Great meat and vegetarian options. 
 

The Mango Lassi are deliciousness


Curry hut is like cafeteria style panda express. 
 except it is Indian and way more fresh. 
 the plate combos come with naan and you can upgrade to garlic naan. 
 My favorite is the Goat curry and the chicken tikka massala. 
 Both are very rich and bold in flavor. 
 Dont forget to ask the worker to put some extra sauce on the rice so you can have extra to dip with the naan. 
 The workers are very kind and they seem happy to be serving you their food. 
 Give this place a try next time you're thinking about pita hot or in the area. 


Service was fast. 
 But parking is a mess in this complex. 
 We had to park in street closeby and it was on a weekday. 
. 

Not going to come here again. 





At first Curry Hut sort of turned me off. 
 because it looks kind of dirty and grungy. 
 . 
 by my third visit I was past that elitist crap. 
 The drive here. 
 from west to east. 
 is pretty interesting: when you're driving past the college. 
 everything is so nice. 
 . 
 a couple blocks away from the college it's like someone flipped a switch on cleanliness. 
 The first time I came to Curry Hut. 
 the street was covered in papers and garbage. 
 blowing around in the wind like I had somehow missed the apocalypse. 
 or maybe it had only struck this area. 


Curry Hut itself is pretty great. 
 This is Panda-style Indian food. 
 where what you want is sitting out in trays waiting to be spooned into a styrofoam box for you. 
 The staples are usually here: chicken curry. 
 chicken tikka masala. 
 lamb curry. 
 palak paneer. 
 aloo gobi. 
 veggie korma. 
 and more. 
 The only thing strangely missing is chicken makhani. 
. 
. 
 But that's OK. 
 I usually get chicken curry and aloo gobi ("potato and cauliflower"). 
 they're always basically the same. 
 always delicious. 
 Sometimes they don't have aloo gobi. 
 or they've just run out at least. 
 and then I have no idea what to do because I don't like any of the other veggie dishes. 


Is Curry Hut's food as good as my other favorite place? Not quite. 
 . 
 very close. 
 Their naan is very. 
 very close to perfection . 
 falls just barely short of pure naan bliss. 
 . 
 again. 
 that's alright. 
 I'm just happy that there is a place for me to go on Sunday's when I am craving some quick Indian. 


Like the Indian place out in LA by the college. 
 by far the worst thing about Curry Hut is that it is sometimes filled with rude. 
 obnoxiously loud college students who apparently can't talk to each other without shouting the entire time and laughing as if they're sharing a nitrous tank between them right in the restaurant. 
 Worse than that. 
 they're always shouting at each other about some stupid shit. 
 always including the phrase "I can't believe she. 
. 
. 
. 
 I can't believe he. 
. 
. 
. 
" Just believe it. 
 It's all true. 
 you're in college and everyone you know is just as horrible as you are. 
 why are you even surprised? Eat your curry and shut the fuck up. 




I really loved this place and its 2 item special. 
 I had their chicken curry. 
 goat curry combo and ordered a garlic naan as well. 
 

Pros:
1) Very delicious gravy in both the curries. 
 I did not taste much . 
ter which is good for my cholesterol levels. 
. 

2) Very generous portions of meat in the combo special. 
 
3) Naan had texture even after we got home. 
 It was not flaky and hard like a disc that we sometimes encounter at Desi restaurants. 
 
4) Very friendly owner. 
 
5) Mrs absolutely loved the bright colors at the restaurant. 
 Goes hand in hand with the flavor profile in their food. 
 she said 

Cons:
1) A little too far from our house to drive here during Fullerton rush hour to get dinner to go. 


The fresh garlic naan was the best. 
 Perfect amount of seasoning and garlic. 
 Generous amount of naan about 2 big slabs. 

Comfort food. 
 yum. 




We came here on a Thursday night and it had a decent amount of people inside. 
 From the street. 
 it's hard to miss the restaurant as it's decked out in bright orange and green paint - you can literally see it from a block away. 
 If you're looking for a landmark. 
 it's directly across the street from the post office. 


We each ordered a two item combo and were completely stuffed by the end of it. 
 I ended up with with the chicken tikka masala and chicken curry. 
 The masala was definitely my favorite of the two and was stoked that the guy at the register generously slopped some extra sauce on my rice upon my request. 
 It came loaded with big pieces of chicken. 
 mixed with fresh spices and a delightful cream sauce. 
 Some of the people in front of me were ordering double orders of the tikka. 
 and now I know why. 
 

As for the chicken curry. 
 it was okay and not my favorite and I wouldn't order it again. 
 . 
 I was super happy with the garlic naan. 
 I'm a big fan of the carb and was happy when they brought out two huge pieces each. 
 Some places skimp on this small side and I always feel like a fatty for ordering more. 
 Not here - I was out of food before I finished my bread. 
 Good sign. 


The guy helping was super friendly and accommodating. 
 For being open only three months. 
 it was cool to see how much the community embraced the place as a handful of people came in and he knew them by first name. 
 Awesome. 
 that means he already has regulars. 


I'll be back when I'm in the area to satisfy my Indian craving. 




Taste wise my husband and mother in law did not like the chicken samosa at all. 
 The veggie samosa was alright. 
 We've had better in artesia. 
 The mango lassi was too tart or yogurt tasting and not enough mango flavor. 
 Haven't tried the actual food. 
 Most likely won't. 
 We will stick to Indian food in Artesia



Authentic Indian food in quick. 
 take out fashion. 
 I typically go for the Tandoori Chicken and Saag Paneer. 
 which comes with a generous helping of rice and naan. 
 However. 
 the garlic naan is MUCH better. 
 so definitely invest the extra $ to upgrade. 


I eat at this place at least once. 
 if not twice per month. 
 A must try. 


I have to say it exceeded my expectations. 
 I ordered my Biryani Medium and it was Hot enough. 
 Perfect

I will definitely go back. 
. 
. 


The service is not friendly. 

The place needs a deep cleaning. 

I would get the food to go. 



I was super hesitant trying a fast food Indian place as the few "Indian" type foods that I've tried in the north OC area have been subpar. 
 Plus it's hard finding a Curry Indian place as supposed to Indian. 
Mediterranean wraps and kabob places. 
  The prices were O. 
K. 
(for those pick item places) so for a 2 item plate and garlic naan (which I would highly suggest you upgrade to) you're around $10. 
00ish. 
 Just looking at the choices though. 
 you know you're getting something legit--whatever you choose. 
 I got the Chicken Masala and the lamb dish (title unknown). 
 I was surprisingly amazed at how delicious and flavorful my lunch was. 
 It was one of those things where you're inhaling everything because it's so good (or maybe I was really hungry) . 
 you need to portion control so you can enjoy it later as well. 
 I'm not an Indian food expert. 
 . 
 I didn't feel I was eating "fast food". 
 There was quite a bit of bones in the lamb dish. 
 . 
 I kind of expected that. 
 Anyways. 
 All in all. 
 I will be back for sure and recommend for anyone who has the Indian food cravings. 
  Give it a few extra minutes for them to get the naan as I had to wait an extra 5 or so minutes in case you are in a rush. 




I got the one item combo: chicken curry 
It was very flavorful with a kick of spicy. 
 It also came with same garlic naan which is garlic pita bread. 
 

Everything was very delicious. 
 . 
 because I got the one item. 
 there wasn't a lot of chicken. 
 I had about five or six small pieces of chicken and a whole bed of rice. 
 It also took a while to pay out. 
 because their machine wasn't working properly. 






After coming at least 20x times in the last 12 months. 
 they don't recognize me or anything which is a bit frustrating since other take out places do. 
 They seem to treat Indian people better. 
 which I suppose I understand . 
 come on. 
 I'm a regular. 
 

I wish they had better packaging than the black divided styrofoam containers because 99% of the time. 
 it leaks. 
 Ugh. 
 Hate when the bag is full of good sauce that could have been eaten and inside the container. 
 

Will still return because of the quality of the food. 







The food quality and the service is great. 
 But the food taste is too comforting. 
 too bland. 
 which I see it may work for the general public. 
 I prefer Indian food to be more authentic. 
 more punchy. 
 a lot more usage of spice (higher food cost. 
 of course). 
 . 
 less salt (the goat curry) and less sugar (the tikka masala). 
 I may have too high of an expectation when I see 4. 
5 star place and people rave about how authentic the food tasted. 


So my reason to give this place a 3-star is that comparing to my experience having tried great Indian and Nepali food in the past. 
 this place is an ok place for a quick and friendly service. 
 and I find nothing wrong with this business model. 
 But what I'm looking for the most in restaurants are "good food". 
 Also worth mentioning is that I also got a stomachache and some movements about one hour after. 
 I always have this sensitive stomach which I rely on to determine of the food cleanliness when I dine out. 


Value: 4 Stars
Decor: 2 Stars
Service: 4 Stars
Food taste: 2 Stars


It's only the second time I've been here . 
 I really like the food. 
 I really craved Indian food so I drove all the way up here from Garden Grove. 
 since the other Indian places closer to my house either had really bad parking (Punjabi Tandoor) or had spotty reviews (Tandoori Garden). 
 Plus. 
 both other places would be too expensive. 
 and this place is much cheaper. 
 So. 
 I went with what I knew and both me and my wallet are glad that I did. 
 

Got a three item combo with 2 parts Chicken Tikka Masala and 1 part Goat Curry. 
 Rice and naan are included. 
 and you can get garlic naan for an extra $0. 
50 (definitely should do it. 
 . 
 I saw some guy come in just for regular naan so that's probably good too. 
 At least one person likes it. 
) The mango lassis are pretty good. 
 . 
 I've had better. 
 Still. 
 they are all delicious. 
 and I'll definitely come back again sometime. 


Now. 
 usually that's not really enough for me to give a review. 
 so I'll get to why I'm bothering in the first place:

The portions at this place are pretty good for what you pay. 
 and being a small less-than-5-foot girl. 
 I couldn't finish the three item combo. 
 (But. 
 I ordered extra because last time I took it home it was still really good. 
 and I don't feel like going out for food tomorrow. 
) Anyway. 
 I went through the garlic naan pretty fast because it's fantastic. 
 so I went back asking for an order to go. 
 I was running out of rice. 
 so I was like "alright I can't eat this without rice because rice is life. 
 so I'll just pay up. 
" I couldn't find it on the menu so I didn't know how much it'd be. 
 . 
 I wasn't charged at all for the generous extra serving of plain rice they gave. 
 I was so happy. 
 An extra order of garlic naan was only $2. 
00. 
 and while you usually have to wait. 
 mine came pretty much instantly. 
 I was super stoked. 
 Also. 
 I'm pretty sure she knocked off tax for me. 
. 
 So nice. 
 

Maybe I'm hyping this place too much. 
 . 
 I've had a lot of Indian food before and this is as good as you can get for the price. 
 and the customer service is fantastic. 
 The lady behind the counter is super attentive and deserves all the praise she can get and all the praise you can give. 
 

Note: they don't really bus unless someone's made a mess. 
 and the trash cans are hidden to the right after you walk in. 
 Do yourself and everyone else a favor. 
 Thanks. 
 

You should definitely try this place out if you both want Indian food and don't want to break the bank. 
 as other places can get pretty pricy. 



You walk in and open that door. 
 you get a STRONG DELICIOUS WIFF of the food. 
  I've been craving indian food for a while so i was really happy. 
  I ordered 2 2-item combos with the Chicken Tk masala. 
 chicken tandoori. 
 Veggie Korma. 
 and Chicken Curry with GARLIC NAAN. 
  WOW. 
  When they brought the garlic naan to our table. 
 I scarfed that down. 
  It was so fluffy. 
 chewy. 
 and the flavors melted in my mouth. 
  I think it is even better than Punjabi Tandoor. 
. 
. 
 Sorry Punjabi. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 I think Curry Hut is on the verge of stealing my heart right now. 
 

Delicious. 
  Check this place out if you like Indian Food and don't mind the strong smell. 
  It is worth your money. 







Other items are not so spicy still good place to visit



The only drawback was a limited menu. 
 
We'll  try it again. 




But the food is good. 
 I like it. 
 I would give it a three star because I know places better than this. 
 . 
 that salted lassi is phenomenal. 
 That salted lassi is a five star lassi im telling you. 


Good food. 
 good service. 
 simple easy menu. 
 maybe the facility can be a little cleaner tho. 
. 
. 
. 
 that LASSI. 



I am a HUGE fan of Indian food. 
 I have to say that it is definitely my favorite food. 
 hands down. 
 After reading so many positive reviews on Yelp. 
 I was really excited to try Curry Hut. 
 4. 
5 stars and over 100 reviews. 
 Has to be good. 
 Right? Right?

Well. 
. 
. 
not so much for me. 
 I had the two item combo with the chicken tikka masala. 
 goat curry. 
 garlic naan. 
 and a side of vegetable pakoras. 


First. 
 the tikka masala had far too much yogurt or heavy cream (whichever was used) for my taste. 
 The dairy taste overpowered the spices that make Indian food so great. 
 The goat curry had good flavor. 
 however. 
 I seemed to have more bone than anything else. 
 The vegetable pakoras tasted stale and old. 
 like they had been frozen and then reheated in a microwave. 
 Even the naan seemed to be reheated as it had the slightly older bread flavor. 
 

Now. 
 I didn't expect super fresh from a quick service place. 
 however. 
 from the reviews. 
 I expected better. 
 

Maybe I just caught them on a slow night? I'm not really sure with all of these great reviews. 
 I have to say that I was very disappointed as I know other quick service spots I have been to were much better. 


I might give it another try in the future. 
 however. 
 I don't have much faith that it will be any better. 
 Sad times because I really wanted to like it. 









You know the drill and how Korean churches work. 
 After service. 
 you get hungry. 
 want to hang out and what better way to have fellowship than to eat out? 

If you know be my now. 
 I used to drive on Chapman daily going to CSUF. 
 I know this street by heart. 
 I even went to school on Fridays which is a college sin because no college student does that. 
 I've witnessed many restaurants come and go. 
 Even here was a Alberto's that was always empty and the owners decided to one day take off. 
 I enjoyed the Alberto's because it had a salsa bar and I LOVE salsa bars. 
 

The interesting part is that I work close to here and honestly I've tired of EVERYTHING near this vicinity. 
 

Pita Hot - The local favorite. 
 . 
 the rice gets tiring after halfway through it. 
 It's chewy and doesn't have the hard texture you find in middle eastern style rice. 
 The wait and service are dull and not their strong suite. 

Pieology - The place that sparked the do it your way pizza craze
Mexicazn - The Korean Mexican with no short ribs. 

Flame Broiler - I hate the fact that their portions are small ever since they decided to use their own custom plate containers 
Yoshinoya - You can eat the beef bowl so many times
Chipotle - Even the mighty quesarito can get tiring
Boardwalk Burgers - Small portions :(
Sansai Grill - Not as good as I thought. 
 The cabbage salad is fresh and has notes of sweet and a bit of savory as well as a nice crunch
Fantasy Cafe - They charge $0. 
50 for credit cards. 
 And I've probably eaten the chicken teriyaki more than 20 times 
Mr. 
 BBQ - They raised the lunch prices from $9. 
99 to $12. 
99 to $14. 
99. 

L&L Hawaiian BBQ - Chicken katsu and Spam musubi? Not at this location. 
 L&L provides smaller and smaller portions every year. 

Thai Basil - Fancier smaller portioned Thai restaurant. 
 . 
 I got the Pa Nang Curry and wasn't impressed with the taste. 
 quality and price. 
 
Little Caesars - $5 large pizzas can get tiring (custom order it with extra pizza sauce next time). 

Papa Johns - Read the reviews. 
 Not pleasant. 
 
Guppy's - Popcorn chicken meal lunch special for $7. 
99. 
 That's like a dinner price. 
 
85C - I'm NOT going to spend $10 worth of pastries for lunch. 
 
Costco - You can rave about the hot dogs and pizza all you want. 
 . 
 no more for me. 
 The hot dogs are an incredible value . 
 I wish they had a like New York or Chicago style hot dog. 
 California hot dogs and pizza are BORING and has no identity. 
 

My sophisticated pallet can take so much. 
. 
. 


Fast food Indian? Think of yourself going to Panda Express and getting rice and 2 or 3 entrees. 
 Have that mind set as you soon as you walk in. 
 

I'm used to eating the usual Indian buffet from 11am-3pm for $10. 
 The bang out for the buck instead of paying $12-$15 a dish to dine in at dinner. 
 

That's a concept that you don't see everyday in Buena Park and Fullerton except for Namestey India. 
 Let me get back to that. 


The second week it opened. 
 I had to try Curry Hut. 
 I love when new restaurants open. 
 I have to try it and I admit a bit of nostalgia kicked in. 
 Walking in. 
 I saw a familiar face (photographic memory kicking in) and he looked so familiar that I had to ask to get confirmation. 
 He informed that he was the old owner of Namastey India. 
 He sold it and decided to do what he loved to do which is cooking. 
 

Namastey India was a popular place in Buena Park next to a series of Korean businesses. 
 It was also a market and keeping up both things was difficult. 
 Now Namastey India is closed permanently because the new owner couldn't handle it. 
 

Every combo comes with rice. 
 regular naan (garlic naan for an extra $0. 
50) and raita which has to be requested. 
 

1 entree $5. 
99 - For the health conscious 
2 entree $7. 
99 - Most popular
3 entree $8. 
99 - For the big guns

& a traditional a la carte menu. 
. 


Bread at an Italian restaurant. 
 brisket at a Korean BBQ. 
 carne asada at a taqueria. 
 are the game changers. 
 For Indian restaurants. 
 the chicken tikka masala and the spinach paneers are the the make it and break its. 


Chicken tikka masala - Creamy and full of flavor. 
 How it should be. 
 

Spinach paneer - Imagine creamed spinach . 
 with Indian spices and cubed cheese

Notable options:

Tandoori chicken - Another popular item. 
 If you don't want a cream base to dip the naan. 
 this is a good alt. 
 

Vegetable korma - Creamy taste of the chicken tikka masala. 
 . 
 creamier and with assorted vegetables instead of the chicken. 
 

Curried cauliflower 

I paid 8. 
75% tax the for my first visit. 
 But the second was the 8%. 
 which is the correct rate. 
 

Remember me mentioning my old church? Fast forward to now. 
 Indian food is like grabbing Mexican food at King Taco. 
 Exposure and personal growth in trying new flavors can go the distance. 
 If you love Indian food or feeling a little bit adventurous like The Goonies. 
 enter the gateway to a flavorful. 
 robust and bold world. 






The only thing that confuses me is that the online menu advertises "Curries A La Carte" . 
 I'm not sure how to order them. 
  Is that an item you have to order in advance to take out?

Other than that. 
 a nice. 
 clean establishment. 
 and the food is delivered really quickly. 
  I'll definitely be coming back a lot. 




My only gripe is that the tables are pretty dirty so opt to do takeout instead. 


3. 
5 stars. 




Minus one star because it can be inconsistent at times with taste or undercooked meat. 
 . 
 mostly good. 
 They dont clean tables as often as I would like. 
 I would go in and all the tables are dirty. 
 so I find myself just buying to go more often now. 


Bottom line. 
 good place if you're looking for tasty indian food. 


I was just informed that the meat is boneless skinless chicken leg and forms the pink look when roasted in their clay oven. 
 

I apologize for the misunderstanding. 

5 stars because I love curry hut :-)

---

It's on E Chapman Ave and Raymond Ave in Fullerton. 
 

It's in a strip mall by the "Seven Eleven" and "Pita Hot". 
 
The place is small - a little amount of seating with TV for Indian music video (so hilirious - Indian people have a queer taste in dance and music video). 
 The staff were all Indians. 
 Decor is very casual and in orange and green. 
 Nice service to offer me the tasting for curries. 
 Plenty of parking. 
 

It's a quick service place - you pick whatever on the warmer. 
 



- Gluttony Expedition - 
Combo deals: 1 item $5. 
99. 
 2 items $7. 
99. 
 and 3 items $8. 
99. 
 Cheap. 
 10 different items. 
 It comes with rice and naan. 
 

Chicken tikka masala: Creamy and rich in flavors and textures. 
 Very mild. 
 Great. 
 
Vegetable korma: Very flavorful and mild. 
 I like it. 
  
Eggplant curry: Good. 
 too. 
 

Garlic naan: It was pretty strong (garlic smell) and as big as my 13 inch laptop. 
 $0. 
50 more than the regular one. 
 





- Conqueror's Deduction - 
Ok. 
 I read some reviews complaining about the fake reviews by the owners (or its related people). 
 I don't understand how the Yelpers (who found about it) kept checking the reviews BEFORE they even opened the restaurant. 
. 
. 
 I'm a heavy Yelp user and never check the establishment like that - ever. 
 Are they their competitions?? No life?? I don't know . 
p 

Fake reviews by the owners and friends are nothing new on Yelp. 
 But I don't think it's necessary that yelpers use up our precious review space for something not having to do with their experience at the establishment. 
 though you can write whatever you want on your review. 
 I write reviews all the time and my experience isn't always positive. 
 If it were always positive. 
 Yelp wouldn't need to exist. 
 
But I always write the facts and the reasons why I felt about stuff I mentioned - NEVER rant without the good reasons. 
 It's not fair to the business. 
 I always hope the customers could use my review for their next better selection of the restaurant and the business could use it to improve their business. 
 It should be the positive outcome for both users. 
 

Anyway. 
 I'm not the Yelper who cares about other Yelpers' opinions much . 
p
I eat the foods and judge the place by myself. 
 

The foods were tasty unexpectedly. 
 The curries were all mild and I like it because I'm a wuss when it comes to spiciness. 
 I'm sure they can make it spicier if you asked. 
 The portion might be a bit smaller size than usual. 
 yet 3 item combo for $8. 
99 had a plenty of food for me. 
 I like here . 
)


The food is set up like Panda express or any takeout food place you know. 
 There's 3 different choices--1 choice item 5. 
99. 
 2 choice item 7. 
99. 
 or 3 choice item 9. 
99[?]. 
 And they all come with rice and naan. 
 If you want the garlic naan. 
 they charge you $. 
50. 
 But it's worth the upgrade if you're a fan of garlic naan. 
 I know that I can't eat indian food without it. 
 

I chose the 2 choice option and opted for the chicken tikka masala and spinach with cheese. 
 + garlic naan. 
 


The chicken tikka masala had to be second best one I've tried. 
 It was sweeter and had more of the tomato flavor. 
 The chicken wasn't dry or chewy. 
 . 
 really soft. 
 The spinach with cheese was good. 
 . 
 I was never really a fan of that dish whenever I'd try it so I don't really know if it was spectacular or not. 
 And the naan is thinner than other places that I've been to . 
 still pretty good. 
 

I would say the most noteworthy thing I ate from here was the chicken tikka masala. 
 When my cravings kick in again. 
 I'll definitely be going here since the location is in the middle of everything. 
 

Would I call it the best indian food place? Probably not. 



I came here for the first time with a vegetarian friend. 
 and we each ordered a 3 item combo (about $10 per combo). 
 I got the Chicken Tikka Masala. 
 the Spinach Cheese. 
 and the Veggie Korma. 
 My friend also ordered the Spinach Cheese and Veggie Korma. 
 and for her third item she got the Aloo Gobi (potato. 
cauliflower). 
 It turns out. 
 two pieces of DELICIOUS freshly cooked naan bread come with each combo. 
. 
. 
 so we had a total of 4 sizable pieces of naan. 
 We soon realized that we had ordered WAY too much food. 
 . 
 it was all so good. 


The Chicken Tikka Masala was definitely on the sweeter side. 
 . 
 I still really enjoyed it. 
 The chicken was very tender. 
 and the sauce was perfect for dipping the naan afterwards. 


Korma is one of my favorite sauces. 
 and theirs was pretty good. 
 Not the best I've ever had. 
 . 
 tasty nonetheless. 
 I would prefer it with chicken myself. 
 or at least a veggie version without green beans. 
 . 
 that's just me. 


I quite liked their Spinach Cheese. 
 The dish itself isn't for everyone. 
 . 
 I like it (and don't normally like cooked spinach). 
 and enjoyed theirs. 
 The cheese pieces could be a bit smaller for ease of eating. 
 . 
 nothing a fork. 
knife can't handle. 


The Aloo Gobi was very. 
 very good. 
 I regretted not getting it haha. 
 . 
 then again. 
 I really enjoyed my 3 items and they don't have a 4 item combo (only 1. 
 2. 
 or 3). 
 xP

And that was the first time I went. 


The second time I went (less than a week later. 
. 
. 
). 
 I took my mom and we got a 3 item combo and a 2 item combo to share. 
 I don't know why I didn't learn the first time that a single 3 item combo is plenty enough for two people. 
 . 
 anyway. 
 This time we got 5 completely different dishes: Chicken Tikka Masala. 
 Aloo Gobi. 
 Veggie Korma. 
 Spinach Cheese. 
 and a Chicken Curry. 
 So to add to the above dish reviews. 
. 
. 


The Chicken Curry was also very good. 
 Tender chicken. 
 good spices. 
flavor. 
 My mom preferred this dish to the Chicken Tikka Masala. 


Everything else was just as good as I remembered. 
 So. 
 points for consistency. 


They also have fried appetizers (one day I would like to try their samosas and. 
or pakoras). 
 garlic naan (for 50 cents extra). 
 mango lassi drinks (and other lassi drinks). 
 and other items on their menu. 
 And for those who like goat and tandoori chicken. 
 they have those dishes pre-made and ready to be put into a combo as well. 


I'm usually an Indian buffet kind of girl because I LOVE all the variety. 
 . 
 I like having this hole-in-the-wall take out option for a quick lunch or dinner. 
 Plus. 
 their naan is some of the best I've ever had. 
 I need to bring a large group of people so we can share a 3 item combo. 
 try their samosas. 
pakoras. 
 and get their mango lassi drinks. 
 Because without a group of people to share with. 
 it's just way too much food. 
 Which. 
 for $10. 
 really isn't a bad thing. 


Finally. 
 it's a hole-in-the-wall establishment. 
 . 
 there IS seating inside. 
 They also have a TV playing fantastic Bollywood music videos. 
. 
. 
 which are a lot raunchier than the ones I remember from the 90s. 



So. 
 i arrived and ordered 1 item combo with chicken tikka masala and it comes with naan and rice. 
 Chicken tikka masala was great and i believe they grilled the chicken first before the it swims in tikka masala sauce because there is a smoky taste with the chicken. 
 The naan was a bit thicker than i used to . 
 it still good nonetheless. 
 Definitelly recommended and i will comeback soon




The food was so rich in taste. 
 and they don't chimp on the meat. 
  Naan was freshly cooked on order. 
 also super good. 
  Will definitely come back to this place. 
  
Looks like a fast food restaurant and its also called fast food . 
 the food is beyond that. 
. 




I will definitely be back to try again. 



Casual. 
 quick (except for the time it takes for the fresh naan . 
 tooootally worth it) and pretty nice service. 




Food was awesome . 
 I tried . 
ter chicken. 
 chicken curry with garlic naan . 
 test was awesome. 


I will definitely come again and also recommend to others. 




Truly a diamond in the rough. 
 Try the veggie pakoras and the samosas. 
 and for a real treat get the mango lassi tea. 



But since the girl started serving here. 
 she always gives you less quantity than the owner used to give. 
 You always have to ask her extra which is kinda embarrassing. 
 . 
 hey make your money worth it. 
 Their service is kind a like panda express and a person is always more than full with the 2 item combo. 


Good dishes are veg korma. 
 chick en tikka ( its less spicy) . 
 lamb curry which is amazing. 
 Never had other entrees here. 
 Their only entrée option is very expensive. 
 

I will recommend this place for the combo items and the mango lassi. 


Overall good






Had the Tikka Masala and Tandoori Chicken with Garlic Basmati. 
 The food was hot and tasty and the naan bread came almost as soon as we sat down. 
 The service was attentive and friendly. 
 
Where it all falls apart is in the building. 
 It's run down with graffiti scratched into the mirrors in the walls. 
 Ceiling tiles are displaced and dusty. 
dirty and the trash cans and tables are both covered in food and whatnot. 
 All in all it seems like they could probably stand to spend more time cleaning. 
 But that in no way detracts from the great food. 






I'm no expert on Indian food. 
 so take my opinion with a grain of salt. 
 That being said. 
 this place is great to get a quick fix of Indian food. 
 especially if you don't feel like waiting 45 minutes for the nearby Pita Hot. 
 Be careful if you get it to-go though. 
 as all that saucy goodness WILL leak out all over the bag. 



Service was good. 
 They offer samples so woOoOOOO



I really enjoyed the food . 
 I hesitate due to the lack of cleanliness. 
 

Clean your place Curry Hut. 






Everything I have tried is quite tasty. 
 Prices are reasonable. 
 you can get in and get out quickly. 
 
I love me some Curry Hut. 




The food is simply delicious. 
 I recently gave up meat . 
 I don't really miss it because Curry Hut has great vegetarian options (veggie korma. 
 eggplant. 
 lentils. 
 etc. 
). 
 Flavorful and filling. 
 The naan is hot and fresh (sometimes I splurge and get the garlic naan). 
 

Come here if you like great Indian food at a fair price. 














Overall. 
 we would come back. 
 The service was great and the food was delicious



When walking into this restaurant for the first time. 
 I instantly got the vibe that this place is authentic. 
 The T. 
V. 
 playing indian music videos and the strong smell of curry reenforced the idea that I came to the right place. 
 I asked the worker what she recommended since it was my first time at Curry Hut and she offered to give me some samples of the items. 
 mostly curry. 
 I enjoyed the chicken curry the most . 
 the fact they had goat curry made me happy. 
 I ordered the chicken curry and goat curry with garlic naan. 
 As soon as I ordered. 
 the worker called back that I ordered garlic naan. 
 Anytime anything is called back to the kitchen usually means it has to be made fresh. 
 which means its a really good sign of things to come. 
 I added a drink with my two item combo and it came out to around $10-$11. 
 I'm thinking okay. 
 this place is a little steep with the pricing . 
 you get way more than what you paid for. 
 The portions of food was huge. 
 The naan eventually came after we sat and it smelled so good. 
 They gave me two huge pieces of naan. 
 about the size of a paper plate. 
 I was full about halfway through my meal and I realized that the 2 item combo with naan was more than enough food for myself. 
. 
 . 
 of course I still finished it :)

Overall. 
 my experience with this place was positive. 
 I will definitely be back to try some other items on the menu especially their dessert menu. 
 The Gulab Jamun sounds amazing and the indian style tea. 
coffee is what I'll be ordering next time. 


TLDR. 

Authentic indian food with fresh naan makes this a quality place. 
 I recommended to everyone thinking about trying Curry Hut. 



I was really craving Indian food. 
 so this satisfied the craving. 
 however. 
 I really disliked the presentation of food and knowing that the plastic cutlery and container were going in the trash (because I was dining in). 


3 item combo: $8. 
99
Upgrade to garlic naan: $0. 
50
Vegetable Samosa: $2. 
49
Mango Lassi: $2. 
99



It's clean. 
 fast and very inexpensive. 
 I'm coming back for more. 



I was a fan of a place called Namastey India for the last couple of years. 
  It was a lil Indian Grocery store with a variety of Indian fare lined up in the rear. 
  They were in an obscure lil strip mall off the beaten track of Buena Park (That means it's part of the track where there are less beatings. 
. 
. 
 I guess. 
. 
. 
 Buena Park is kinda ghetto). 
  Well. 
 I discovered this place through Yelp & would frequently invite friends & church gatherings (EXODUS3. 
. 
. 
) to come & eat. 
  Everyone I brought to this place loved Namastey. 
  Tony was the owner of this fine establishment. 
  Nicest guy. 
  Hooks you up. 
  Gets to know his customers. 
  Stayed open late when we brought groups. 
  Overall just a great guy. 
   

Well. 
 I got busy & didn't go to Namastey for a month or so. 
 . 
 to my chagrin I found out that Tony sold the place. 
  And of course when I went to Namastey. 
 they changed everything. 
 the food wasn't the same. 
 and that store closed down soon after. 
  

Now. 
 four months ago I got this random message on Yelp. 
  Someone named Ashish invited me to visit the Curry Hut. 
  I was like. 
 "Who's Ashish?  Sheesh. 
"  So. 
 I disregarded the message. 
  

Fast forwarding four months into the future. 
 the Arnold that loves Indian food had some this past Sunday. 
  Guess what. 
. 
. 
 fat boy third person Arnold wanted Indian food again today. 
  After a long day of work. 
 I drove through a bunch of traffic & decided to finally check out  Curry Hut. 
  I drive up to a loud orange & green designed Indian fast food restaurant. 
  I walk in &. 
. 
. 
 SERENDIPITY. 
. 
. 
 I see Tony behind the register. 
  I was like. 
. 
. 
 "TONNNYYYY. 
. 
. 
. 
"

Now. 
 Tony started the business 4 months ago. 
  He told me that Namastey was a difficult location. 
 . 
 this location has been bumpin. 
  He mentioned that he messaged me on Yelp. 
  I guess Ashish is his real name. 
 . 
 he goes by Tony (That's Grrrreeat. 
). 
  Seriously. 
 I'm so happy for him. 
  Great business. 
  Great location. 
  Same great food. 
  Same great Tony. 
  I suggest y'all get your Indian food on. 
  I'm definitely gonna. 
 

NOTE: If you live in Fullerton. 
 the closest Indian food is probably Cerritos. 
  It's in a great location on Chapman. 
. 
. 
 not too far from DTF & CSUF. 
  So. 
 if you're DTF (Down To Foodie). 
. 
. 
 then let's go. 




I got (3) one entree combos for $5. 
99 each and upgraded my garlic naan for $. 
50 cents additional. 
 Your combo comes with rice. 
 one entree. 
 naan. 
 and raita (never received it). 
 The portion of rice was great. 
 . 
 I wanted more curry. 
 She was pretty stingy with the sauce. 
. 
 maybe I should've asked for more? I ha the chicken tikka masala and it was ok. 
 . 
 I still say nothing beats Little India Grill's food in Artesia. 
 The chicken curry is where the disappointment rushes in. 
 Wow. 
 watery chicken curry? It was so bland and tasted like spicy water that we had to throw it away :( what a waste. 
 As for the garlic naan. 
 it was too thick for my liking. 
. 
 I usually like the thinner. 
 soft. 
 . 
 crunchy naan. 
 Their naan was a bit burnt around the edges and too soft in the center. 
 

All in all. 
 I liked this place and will be back. 
. 
 . 
 please don't forget to add salt or whatever it is that goes into your chicken curry. 
 And some more sauce would be nice in your entrees~





As it is a fast food joint. 
 don't expect a fine dining experience. 
 But if you're looking for good food quick with great service. 
 this is the spot for you. 



And the prices. 
. 
 $10 for a three entree plate with rice and naan?. 
 With the food being so dense. 
 I couldn't even finish half of the $10 plate and I have a big appetite. 
 

When I drive to my family in the high desert at some point I will be bringing them some entrées. 
 I know for a fact they will be jealous I live near this gem. 






Once we walked in. 
 we were quickly greeted by the nice cashier and frontwoman. 
 She was very patient with us and took our orders with a smile. 
 I ordered the 2 item combo deal of Goat Curry and Chicken Curry with Garlic Naan and a drink of Mango Lassi. 
 Oh my goodness. 
 it was all so delicious and freshly prepared. 
 So many spices and flavors were running on my tongue a mile a minute. 
 and I ate nonstop. 
 The Goat Curry melts in your mouth with a slight spice and the Chicken Curry was filling and flavorful. 
 The Garlic Naan was freakin' delicious. 
 as I expect all Naan breads to be. 
 The owner came by to personally deliver my yummy Mango Lassi and was very tentative. 


Everything was about $12 and well-worth the meal. 
 The decor was colorful and the seating areas were clean and available. 
 No public restrooms. 
 . 
 they tell you where you must go if you ask to do your business if you're down for a little journey to the bathroom. 


I am definitely coming here more often. 
 So damn good. 
. 
. 



Tony. 
 the guy at front is really friendly and helpful. 


Food was delicious. 
 wish I had ordered more. 
  The chicken curry is actually spicy which is rare these days. 
  1 star off for portion size being a little less than favorable. 





All and all it's pretty good place. 
  Price is a little high. 
 consider you can get all you can eat indian lunch buffet around $10. 
  But if you don't eat a lot. 
 this is a great take out place. 








Also based on someone else's review. 
 the sauce too sweet. 
  You would be better off going a few miles south to Punjabi (?) for better tasting food


I usually get the three item combo with plain naan. 
  The goat and chicken curries are my go to. 


Parking has never been a problem and the staff has always been kind. 


I would seriously say there's nothing that you could get there that would be bad. 


A much better choice than the Mediterranean café in the same strip mall. 



Both have declined to return. 
 to try again. 
 even though it is right on our way home. 
 and I have asked several times. 
  Too (weirdly) sweet was the comment by both. 
  I have forgotten what entree I tried during our initial visit. 
 . 
 I had to agree that it was ok. 
 . 
 not what we are accustomed too. 






I got the Chicken Tikki Masala. 
. 
 I always get this one at other various restaurants . 
 I have never tasted such sweet curry in my life. 
 It was way too sweet for me. 


The garlic naan was also just whatevers. 
 I have tasted better. 


This is what I mean by this place being just o-k. 



Prices are reasonable and comparable to all take out I've seen. 
 However. 
 the quality at this establishment is on par with sit down Indian restaurants. 
 Highly recommend. 




At first look. 
 the wild orange and green colors of the restaurant might give the appearance that the food can't be taken seriously. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 this is one place where looks are definitely deceiving. 
  

I'm Indian. 
 so I know what I'm talkin about. 
  This food is great and I consider the owner a friend. 
 as he's always happy to see me with a warm smile and a "how do ya do. 
"

Do yourself a favor and check this place out. 
. 
. 
you won't be disappointed if you like Indian food. 



These are my standards:
Chicken Tikka Masala
Vegetable Korma
Samosas
Garlic Naan

The Samosas are bigger than I'm used to seeing and I really enjoyed them. 
 Sometimes. 
 restaurants can put too much seasoning and then all the potato tastes like is that one flavor. 
 It hasn't happened for me yet. 
 . 
 I've only been here twice. 


I felt that the portions were a good size. 
 I have had leftovers the two times that I have been there. 


I'm just glad I don't have to drive up the freeway if I'm having an emergency craving. 



I love me some good Desi food - and this just doesn't cut it. 
 I absolutely LOVE the idea of Indian fast food - . 
 I've been here 3 separate occasions. 
 and I am disappointed each time. 


The concept of the restaurant is much like Panda Express - pick the amount of items. 
 and then the gentleman will give you a half dollop of your selection. 
 The items in the buffet never change. 
. 
. 
 same 10 trays. 
. 
. 
 every single time. 
 

It's a joke to spend an extra 50 cents on garlic naan. 
 It's a pitiful amount the spread on there. 
 and last I checked. 
. 
. 
 50 cents could buy me at least 2 cloves of garlic at the market. 
. 
. 
. 
 so please don't be cheap and put a decent amount on the freakin' naan if you're going to charge me for it. 


NONE of the dishes they serve are spicy. 
 NONE. 


They ALWAYS forget the Raita that is supposed to come with my combo plate. 


Tikka Masala here is SWEET like . 
ternut squash soup. 
. 
. 
 you do not taste the garam masala spices AT all. 
 

The person working is ALWAYS on his cellphone. 
 Homie. 
 you're at work. 
 Put the phone down. 
 It's RUDE. 
 

This person that I always encounter behind the counter also wrote 2 fake reviews (along with other family members and friends) to boost the ratings for the store. 
 4 fake reviews all together have already been removed since the restaurant's opening 2 weeks ago. 
 That for me is deceptive and I cannot respect a business that does that. 
 Don't believe me? http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
not_recommended_reviews. 
5xUzHQ94vYBiZIScToawrg 

Is this place cheap and convenient? Yes. 
 However. 
 I would much rather drive an extra 10 minutes and call in my order at a real Indian restaurant that can offer me better service and food for about $5 more bucks. 


One could go along and only comment on the food. 
 and give it a 4 star rating. 
 . 
 when you factor in the filth factor of this place. 
 you definitely take it down a notch. 
 
Food was fine. 
 service was fine. 
 What wasn't fine was the garbage stacked high. 
 spilling over. 
 on top of the trash cabinet. 
 Cups. 
 styrofoam containers. 
 straws. 
 napkins were overflowing. 
 indicating that no one was assigned to do garbage duty throughout the day. 
 Instead. 
 both the counter help and the cook could be seen rushing to look at their Yelp ratings. 
 rather than cleaning up. 
 What they didn't realize was that by paying attention to their iPhones and computer. 
 and ignoring the trash. 
 that yes. 
 this would be posted on Yelp. 


Certainly. 
 it's not a good sign for their future. 
 if they're "above" such details as trash and cleanliness. 
 What it signals is that they're overlooking other crucial things as well. 



Suggestion: include Cheese Naan on the menu. 


Right when I first walked in I was welcomed. 
 This was my first time coming to curry hut. 
 I was unsure on how it would taste . 
 before I even had to ask the worker offered me three samples of the different chicken they had: Tikka Marsala. 
 Curry. 
 and Spinach Curry. 
 They all were delicious. 
 He was very relaxed which made my experience there pleasant. 
 I ended up getting the 3 combo: chicken curry. 
 tikka Masala chicken and the curried cauliflower with rice and garlic bread. 
 All this was around $10 which is affordable or a big lunch that will last ya to dinner. 
 Really stoked that this is near my house. 




Also. 
 50 cents more for garlic naan is the best investment one could make. 






The combos are super affordable too. 
 
If you can get past the awful decor. 
 you should definitely try it (I mean I know it's the color of the Indian flag. 
 . 
 there are so many better ways to decorate a place to make it look. 
feel like India. 
). 







Combo is a nice option. 
 Chicken curry . 
 garlic naan and rice are good. 
 Chicken biryani ( may should call it rice mixed with chicken curry) is not good. 
. 
Chicken tikka is sweet and creemy. 
. 
which i don't like. 
 May be North Indians. 
Americans like it. 
 As a south indian i like spicy food. 


The lady at the billing counter is very friendly. 


Overall i am satisfied ( since no good Indian restaurant near me). 
. 
. 
anyway i'll come again. 









My order ended up being a bit pricier than expected and they didn't give me back correct change. 



Cons: building is a bit run down. 
 no restroom available

Bottom line: this place is quickly becoming a regular spot for me. 
 If restaurant atmosphere is very important then this place won't work for you. 
 otherwise you should absolutely come try the food. 






Staff was very nice and definitely four star also. 
  The garlic naan was ok and the yogurt drink was nice also. 
  The oven cooked chicken was decent. 


Overall the food is good. 
 especially if you factor that it is fast food. 
combo under $10



                 Keep it up guys








We were greeted with great customer service very friendly and even offered samples to help us decide what to order. 
 
The food was really good I'm not HUGE on Curry . 
 definitely enjoyed it for a change. 
 We ordered the Mikka Chicken (i think that's what it is called) and the regular Chicken Curry both of which were good. 
 The mixed veggies were also very good (the sauce on the veggies was great). 
 
Lastly. 
 we ordered both the hot and cold dessert which I honestly wouldn't recommend BUT the food was definitely good. 










I also love their hot tea. 
 . 
 if you're in a hurry make sure to call it in ahead of time as it normally takes about 10 minutes to prepare. 


Parking can be difficult during the lunch rush. 
 . 
 it's worth it. 


























A couple who spend half their time in India and the other half here in the United States were eating there and said it is "authentic". 


Highly recommend it. 
  We are going back. 









