

Recommendations: BEEF BELLY. 
 BEEF BELLY & MORE BEEF BELLY. 
. 
. 



There's something about the meats that tastes so flavorful. 
 juicy. 
 and fresh. 
 Nothing on the menu lacks any flavor. 
 everything is just so damn good. 
 Hands down so so much better than Gen. 
 Oh and I can't forget how great the staff and service is here. 
 Everyone is so nice and food is always served on time and they never made any mistakes whenever we visit. 
 There's really nothing more I can say to convince anyone to try Mr. 
 BBQ. 
 The food will speak for itself once you try it. 
 So what are you waiting for. 
 GO TRY MR. 
 BBQ NOW. 
. 
 You won't be disappointed. 
 I would give it 10 stars if I could bahaha. 



My favorite meats were the pork belly. 
 beef brisket. 
 and pork kalbi. 
 There were a lot of side dishes and none stood out. 
 The rice sheets tasted slightly old and stiff. 
 You're better off wrapping your meat with the pink radish or eating it with rice. 
 The tenjang chigae was super light. 
 

What stands out here is the service. 
 Even when the restaurant was full. 
 our server came by many times to check up on us and always got what we asked for in a timely manner. 
 There was a fly when we first sat down (not on the grill) and they comp'ed us 25% for that. 
 Unheard of. 


I'm getting to the point where I feel like it's worth paying the extra for good quality. 
 non-AYCE Korean BBQ. 
 The difference is worth the additional cost. 



I came here today for lunch with my brother and have probably received the best service ive ever had at any Korean BBQ and ive been eating KBB for almost 10 years. 
. 
 

We got in around 1pm and was seated right away. 
  Our server was Patrick and he was nothing less than awesome. 
  Literally everything we needed he either got it for us right away or had someone else get it for us. 
  He always made sure our grill was full of meat. 
 our sides were always full. 
 our waters were never empty. 
 and our dipping sauces were always full. 
 My brother and I always ask for a small foil container with oil and garlic and he also made sure our garlic never ran out. 
 He exemplifies what customer service is and Mr BBQ is lucky to have this guy working for them. 
  

On to the food. 
. 
. 
we ordered our usual (for any KBB restaurant) brisket and prime steak. 
  I dont know what it was about this batch of brisket . 
 it was better than before. 
  It was more flavorful and juicy. 
  Our server even got us a really thick cut of the steak that was very tender and juicy. 
  The sides were all good like always. 
 The vanilla ice cream at the end topped it off perfectly although i wish they wouldve had green tea ice cream today. 


The ambiance is very nice. 
  Nicely decorated and they even have some games you can play in the waiting area while waiting for your table. 
  All the servers come together to do a birthday song and dance for any birthday celebrants in the restaurant. 


Ill definitely be coming back. 



p. 
s. 
  if Mr BBQ management reads this. 
. 
. 
your server Patrick deserves a raise. 
  He really did an excellent job. 
 I hope he's me server every time i go there. 



The wait time was about 45 minutes on a Saturday night. 
 parking was horrible. 
 in Chinese term. 
 it was "people mountain people sea". 
 Good news is the little vibrater we got from them could be reached at the bar next door so our 45 minutes went by quick. 
 

After we were seated . 
 we decided to try their PAYCE at $31. 
99 per person to experience the highest quality food they could provide. 
 Most of our items were beef and seafood. 
 We also tried the sausage and one chicken dish. 
 As usual. 
 chicken took forever to cook. 
 I didn't really like their beef tongue either. 
. 
. 
 It wasn't bad. 
 . 
 if I didn't care for a second plate. 
 you know something was off. 
 I would highly recommend the scallop. 
 ribeye. 
 and filet mignon. 
 Stay away from salmon though. 
 

The eating environment was like chilling at party USA. 
 There was a birthday song playing every 10 to 20 minutes. 
 I kind of feel bad for the staff because on top of their normal duties. 
 they are also obligated to sing and dance for the customers. 
 I wonder what the job description is for their positions. 


The service was really good. 
 Friendly. 
 fast. 
 and helpful. 
 I get it. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ. 
 we would come back. 



Be warned this place is NOT quite. 
 Like at all. 
 They do some sort of birthday song every 5 minutes on weekend nights. 
 

I can't say I would drive out from West LA again just for this . 
 since i have a Disneyland pass I can def see myself coming over here after building up an appetite at the parks. 
 Would definitely recommend to others. 
. 



Highly recommend the beef tongue and beef belly. 
 the brisket is good too if you don't overcook it. 
 We also tried the wagyu short rib and that was just okay. 
 I totally forgot until now to try the other meats . 
 honestly the beef belly. 
 tongue. 
 brisket were so good we just didn't bother to try others. 
 The meats were good quality. 
 had good cuts. 
 and didn't feel frozen. 


Cons: Steamed egg was overcooked. 
 some of the beef belly was fatty . 
 nothing too bad. 


Overall. 
 everything was exceptional. 
 My server was Vanessa and she was super helpful and had great service. 
 Meats were super good and there were alot of sides. 
 Def coming back whenever I'm in the area. 



I've waited long enough to see what this highly rated phenomenon is all about. 
 Add to it a 2-hour wait time upon getting our name down on the list. 
 the suspense was killing me. 
 Thanks to the Back Room which is a bar located behind the restaurant as that made our time go by after having a couple of drinks before our buzzer went off. 
 

Unbeknownst to me. 
 I was already getting bored with KBBQ despite my monthly trips to AYCE joints. 
 How did the cat come out of the bag? Well. 
 I ate here. 
 Premium quality makes the bar go higher when consuming anything and so does the price tag. 
 For $23. 
99 on weekends and dinner. 
 I promise it is money you won't be sorry spending. 
 

Their BRISKET comes with a hint of flavor even though it is not labeled marinated on the menu. 
 and that threw me off in a very. 
 very good way. 
 BEEF BELLY. 
 how I love thee. 
 The layers of fat add scrumptiousness to the "enth" level - think bacon. 
 . 
 a red meat version of it. 
 Which brings me next to their PORK BELLY and how you should over cook the entire slab until it's golden and crispy. 
 Cut them in pieces for a more crunchy effect and I assure you. 
 you will have gone to bacon heaven and back. 
 WAGYU BEEF TONGUE. 
 anyone? This delicate piece of meat has made me fall for it. 
 big time. 
 Cook it just enough for a melt-in-your-mouth experience. 
 101% recommended. 
 For a similar tender mouth feel. 
 the BABY SQUID is not to be missed. 
 I ordered this on the latter part of our meal which was a little too late to stuff myself with it. 
 Don't make that mistake. 
 

Now on to the supporting role. 
 What a glorious BAN CHAN spread they have here. 
 All my favorites they offer - potato salad. 
 jap chae noodles. 
 steamed egg. 
 fish cakes. 
 pink radish wraps. 
 you name it. 
 they have it. 
 And the service - WOW. 
 Their crew was stellar across the board. 
 efficient and friendly. 
 For those celebrating a birthday. 
 they'd be so happy to embarrass you with a song and treat you with a scoop of ice cream. 
 But really. 
 everyone on the table gets ice cream with or without a birthday . 
 what fun is that without the singing? Hah. 
 
 
So much revelation was to be had this evening and the most important thing of all. 
. 
. 
Mr BBQ lives up to the hype and deserves all the attention it is getting. 



Sure there are tons of other AYCE Korean BBQs in the Fullerton area. 
 . 
 Mr. 
 BBQ has been compared to Gen for superior quality meats and service. 
 The latter is the main reason why we keep coming back. 
 That. 
 and the plethora of TVs. 
 No matter where you're sitting. 
 you'll have a great view of the sporting event playing that day. 
 

Service: fast and efficient. 
 You'll seldom have to ask for your grill to be turned up or down or to have your grill switched out. 
 The servers will check on you often. 
 and come by to cut up your meats. 
 

Food: We went with the premium menu for $31. 
99 which is everything on the $23. 
99 menu plus higher-end items like galbi. 
 filet mignon. 
 wagyu. 
 ribeye. 
 pork jowl. 
 salmon. 
 & scallops. 
  Even though we upgraded this time. 
 we have been equally satisfied with the $23. 
99 menu. 
 

The filet mignon was good. 
 So were the beef belly (thinly sliced and similar to the brisket only fattier). 
 brisket. 
 and thick cut pork belly. 
  Personal preference . 
 I like to cook the latter two until they're really crispy. 
 then wrap them in rice paper. 
 The galbi was not very flavorful and was just okay. 
 

Between the two of us. 
 we shared about 9 plates and were too full to try the ribeye. 
 wagyu or pork jowl that were also on the premium list. 
 Talk about epic FAILURE on our part. 
  Do yourself a favor if you upgrade and order from the premium list first. 
 otherwise you'll be living in remorse the day after like me. 


Drinks:  Since it was Monday night football. 
 we had to indulge in beer. 
 $26 for a pitcher of Hoegaarden. 
  Served with chilled glasses. 
  The soju sampler is $15. 
 and you can select up to three flavors. 
 To me. 
 they were too sweet . 
 the popular flavors are the lychee and yogurt. 
 

Bathroom: It was packed that night. 
 and I don't think anyone was on restroom patrol. 
 The women's restroom was a total wreck. 
 Minus one star. 




Our order was taken right away and they immediately brought out all the sides. 
 Like any Korean bbq. 
 you cook it yourself. 
 Employees are really good at replacing the cooking surface throughout your meal. 
 This place has become a go to for Korean bbq. 
 The food is delicious and you won't be disappointed. 


Don't get carried away with their dishes and order slowly. 
  No matter which menu you choose. 
 you will get a very good selection of meats and dishes. 
  Be sure to try their chicken. 
. 
. 
 They are tasty and tender all around. 



What we order usually:
Beef Belly
Miso Pork Belly
Large Intestines 
Tofu Pot and Egg Pot
Spicy Squid
Steak
Finger Ribs
Shrimps


Foodie tip: enjoy your meat even more by asking for the salt & sesame oil and dip all your meat in it. 
  It's so good. 
  It goes best with non-marinated meats like brisket or pork belly. 
  

My recommendation for this place is to try them during lunch. 
  They don't have as many choices on the lunch menu. 
 . 
 it's more affordable and you still get good quality meats. 
  You also don't have to wait 2+ hours. 
  One time I got here at 8 pm. 
 they told me the wait time was an hour . 
 the kitchen closes by 9 pm. 
  That kinda puts us in a tough position. 
. 



The wait was a little over an hour on a Saturday night. 
 While we ended up having a fantastic meal here. 
 it'll be hard to justify waiting that long every time I want KBBQ. 


With that said. 
 I do have to note that this was definitely one of the better AYCE joints I can remember. 


First of all. 
 shortly after we were seated. 
 as they brought out the side dishes. 
 they also brought a plate for my 3 year old daughter filled with rice. 
 veggies. 
 and a juice box. 
 I've never seen a restaurant do that without having us ask for these things. 
 It was a simple gesture that made a world of difference for me and my wife. 


As extensive as the $23. 
99 AYCE menu was. 
 we ended up only getting four different cuts of meat: the Thinly Sliced Prime Beef Brisket. 
 Premium Beef Belly. 
 Premium Wagyu Finger Short Ribs. 
 and the Premium Cut Fresh Pork Belly. 
 

I'd recommend skipping the chadol altogether. 
 as it didn't stand out from other KBBQ joints. 
 
Since there was no galbi option on this particular menu. 
 I'd say the Short Ribs were a nice alternative option. 
 

I was surprised by the samgyupsal. 
 I normally expect this level of quality at non-AYCE KBBQ restaurants. 
 I didn't try any of the other flavored porky bellies. 
 . 
 I didn't mind. 
 as this satisfied me quite well. 


Lastly. 
 that beef belly. 
 Wow. 
 I wouldn't have ordered this had my cousin not recommended and ordered it. 
 It was slightly marinated and it just melted in my mouth. 
 I went crazy with this. 
 ordering it four or five times. 
 This cut alone was the reason I didn't get to venture out to the other types of meat. 
 I would return for this alone. 


Service was so much better than other AYCE places I've been to. 
 And yes. 
 it gets loud in there (and that happy birthday thing they do is pretty obnoxious). 
 But that won't prevent me from coming back again. 
 The beef belly outweighs the cons of the long wait and noise level inside the restaurant. 



My definite favorite meat was the Mr. 
BBQ- it was marinated steak that was very tender to eat. 
 The brisket and spicy garlic pork . 
t were yummy too. 
 Side dishes were ok - pretty average. 
 The steamed egg had a rubbery texture and soy bean paste soup was way too salty. 


One annoying thing to prepare for when eating here is the happy birthday song they play for all the birthdays. 
 It's really loud and doesn't sound great. 
 :p

Service was attentive and price was fair. 



Our group of 10 had two grills to work with so that made cooking much more efficient and also allowed us to order more food at once. 
 My favorite meat of the night was brisket. 
 Fast to cook. 
 easy to eat. 
 tasted delicious. 
 Steamed egg was also very well made. 


Service here was top notch and our server was very quick in putting in our meat orders and restocking the rice paper and other sides. 



Another bright spot here is the service. 
  Servers are very attentive. 
 bring out dishes fast. 
 and are on top of everything. 
  They always offer to cut the meat that's cooking. 
 and they are ready with the grill change before you ask for it. 


You like to have drinks while you're having amazing steaks?. 
  They got you covered with that too. 
  They offer handcrafted Korean spirits and cocktails. 
 and beer towers. 
  They offer Bootleggers on tap a Fullerton favorite. 
  Can't beat that. 
  

The only reason I am not handing out FIVE stars is due to the parking lot being too small for the size of the restaurant. 
 and the men's room needed attention. 
  Wait times are long. 
 . 
 what KBBQ isn't. 
  This place is well worth the wait. 
  There's a Gastropub in the back to kill time so that's a plus. 
 or you can wait inside the restaurant in the waiting they have cards. 
 and Jenga to keep you busy. 
  Other than that the food and service is 5 stars. 
  I will definitely be back sooner rather than later. 


One final thought. 
  They sing happy birthday like every 10 mins. 
 that gets annoying kind of fast. 
  Something tells me people lie about birthday's just to have the crew come out and sing. 
 and make a big deal for a few seconds. 



-So the service is amazing the staff are very friendly and nice and they REALLY sing and dance to you for your birthday. 
 They really dance too. 
 not like that fake celebration dancing where they sing and clap to you lackadaisically then scurry back off to their job. 
 One girl even hit the whip on me. 
 

-This is the part I got a bone to pick. 
 which is about their meat quality (no pun intended). 
 So I'm gonna start off by saying all their meat is very good and is above average quality and taste. 
 I can't be the only one to notice though. 
 that after a couple rounds of meats. 
 they start serving a less quality version of the same meat. 
 like they will be more dry or less fatty etc. 
 It's just not the same meats that they served in the very beginning. 
 I guess they are hoping that as you're getting more full you don't notice that the quality of the food is going down and you might even blame your own judgement since you are full. 
Y'all think y'all slick . 
 you can't fool me. 


-That is the main reason why I gave this place a 4 star instead of 5 because other than that I really like this place and the price is well worth the quality. 
 Overall I really recommend this place. 
 . 
 be prepared to wait as I recall talking to a server one time about that. 
 and she said that they always have a wait time during dinner everyday. 
 The only time you can come without waiting is weekdays at lunch time according to her. 
 I have been here around 5 times and I can say that the average wait time for me is an hour . 
 I come during dinner time. 



I am usually on top of my Kbeebz game in OC so I must sadly admit I am just now getting around to this year-plus old bookmark for a spot held in such regard it earned special recognition from Yelp as well at hour plus wait times so long that they could make the guys over at Gen blush. 
 It is your typical all you can eat format . 
 it offers supreme service for the genre. 
 Also. 
 the interior is somewhere between fun and a bit sophomoric. 
 I went with the $23. 
99 menu and will never do otherwise going forward. 
 

Mr. 
 BBQ offers an dizzying array of 17 banchan to go along with your meats or to simply nosh on in between the Kbeebz charring sessions. 
 I absolutely adore their kimchi. 
 japchae. 
 and potato salad. 
 Another one of the most notable dishes is the house salad which is a crunchy lettuce with fresh onions and carrots. 
 lightly dressed in a spicy sauce. 
 

Yes I said salad. 
 try it and tell me that I am wrong. 
 

On to the protein - you know. 
 why you are reading this damn review for anyway. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ transcends their peer group in Orange County and battles admirably in the legendary KTown scene (yes - I said it) in the red meat department. 
 The ribeye is bold and perfectly seasoned. 
 Sure. 
 it is too fatty . 
 they give you scissors for god's sake and it is all you can eat - who cares? The woobeasal (beef belly) is incredible alone and worth dying for with a splash of the supplied oil. 
 The chadol. 
 thinly sliced prime beef brisket. 
 is tender and pairs well with the brisket sauce and a dash of seasoning salt. 
 For those who love marinated meat. 
 the bulgogi will satisfy with its marinated choice chuck that practically falls off the bone. 


The staff is wicked quick with a grill change and they make the beer flow like an avalanche. 
. 
. 
 you know. 
. 
. 
 rolling down a mountain. 
 All. 
 Meal. 
 Long. 
 

Mr. 
 BBQ is my new favorite Kbeebz spot in OC . 
 the trek to Fullerton will probably have me at Gen and Shik Do Rak far more often. 
 Still. 
 it really is a culinary jewel. 


Great over all . 



Our server Shawn was incredibly polite and conscientious---he was on top of grill changes. 
 always made sure we had our orders put in at a timely manner. 
 and often checked up on us to make sure we were okay. 
 He definitely made my family and I's experience here. 
 a great one. 


The quality of the food is superb. 
 The one thing I really do like though is the amount of sides we get and the amount of times the servers were willing to refill them. 
 Often times when I go to a KBBQ restaurant. 
 they are super stingy and are anal about food loss. 
 . 
 the Mr. 
 BBQ crew were very giving. 


This place is also a pretty awesome place to celebrate a birthday. 
 The restaurant goes all out when singing you Happy Birthday and you even get a free sweet treat. 
 This place is great for groups. 
 so make sure to bring everybody for the celebration. 
 

Next time I pay a visit to Orange County. 
 I just have to go to this place again. 


Service: 6 stars
Parking: lot

Reasons. 
. 
. 
. 

Where do I begin. 
. 
 Mr. 
  BBQ is probably my go to AYCE BBQ because they simply have the best and they don't compromise. 
  Meat quality has been solid since day one and they continually keep the level of quality. 
 which is why the price is so steep. 
 Some people might say it's not worth. 
 . 
 to me. 
 it's worth it. 
  No other BBQ joints serves Filet as a part of their AYCE menu and it just tastes incredibly delicious. 
 In addition. 
  they have a wide variety of side dishes that taste Aiites. 
 probably the only thing in my opinion they need to work on. 
 
Now in terms service. 
  JT and Kevin were absolutely unbelievable. 
 They were friendly. 
 quick. 
 and made serving look like cake walk. 
 Like seriously. 
  they would know what I want before I even knew what I needed. 
 Its like they went into the future and talked to my 5 min forward future me lol. 
 
Overall it was indeed a great handful of  experiences and thus review was long overdue. 
  I recommend y'all get the expensive menu and feast on that. 
 It's so much more worth. 
 

Would I come back? Of course. 



Service (4): Typical good KBBQ service. 
 The waiters are always attentive and friendly. 


Price (4): Reasonable pricing for what you get at a KBBQ and the quality. 


Ambiance (2): I know KBBQs are typically loud. 
 . 
 his one was overly loud. 
 And I swear to god. 
 every 10 minutes was someone's birthday. 
 How do I know? Because every 10 minutes they do that loud birthday song. 
 It was not a good place to talk to friends without having to shout. 


Others: Make note that there is a very long line for this place. 
 I won't mark down the place for this. 
 . 
 it was an hour plus wait. 
 It's large inside. 
 . 
 people who go to KBBQ do typically take an hour or so to finish eatting. 
 And when it's that packed inside and out. 
 that just means this place is popular. 



Cons: Parking. 
 Wait time. 
 super loud all the time. 
 bland soups. 
 sides. 
 and salad. 
 

I get it. 
 The place is busy. 
 They have a good selection of meats. 
 it's really close to Cal State Fullerton. 
 and they have a party vibe there. 


However. 
 that does not excuse THIS particular server on THIS particular day to to give us SUBPAR service. 
  Well. 
 it even subpar. 
 it was avoidance. 
  

At first I gave the server the benefit of the doubt. 
  Although. 
 when I. 
 my wife witnessed. 
 brother. 
 sister and sister in law witnessed the server being cheery with other tables then there is a problem. 
  If we have to flag down multiple servers to place an order for a soda. 
 for extra meat or for extra sides then there is a problem. 
  

As I mentioned earlier. 
 I gave them the benefit of the doubt. 
 Yes the servers here are all busy. 
 . 
 if multiple servers have to pick up the slack. 
 ask for help. 
 BE COURTEOUS. 
 and let us know. 
 Then there wouldn't be a problem. 
 PROBLEM SOLVED. 
 

So. 
 if you're willing to wait on average 45-90 for a table. 
 like screaming at each other for conversation. 
 hearing a "birthday song" every 10 minutes then this joint is for you. 
 On the plus side though like I said before. 
 they do have good meat. 
 

As for myself. 
 I dont think I will be returning here. 



But when she went on break. 
 I decided to try and ask another server for more and she brought out a huge mound of it. 
 Maybe she didn't get the memo that each table is only allowed one refill of creamy seaweed. 
  We sat near the kitchen and we saw a huge container of it. 
 

This is a common practice in Korean . 
 Asian establishments. 
 They say they don't have anymore of a particular item when it is kinda expensive. 
 But c'mon. 
 this is an AYCE and we just paid $32 per person for dinner. 
 

This really makes me question their honesty and business practices. 
 They also told us they were out of the spicy squid. 
 . 
 we saw another group get it after we were denied. 
 

What's up Mr. 
 BBQ? Why do you guys have to lie?


It's absolutely worth the sometimes long wait. 
 Try the beef belly and the brisket. 



Also. 
 the steak here is bomb. 
 Great quality meat and amazing service. 


Totally worth the price. 




Pros: 
1. 
 Meat Quality: I would say my go to meat option for any KBBQ place is the beef brisket. 
 The standard to any good KBBQ place. 
 This place has amazing brisket. 
 Perfect marble. 
 The key is to not overcook any of the meats. 
 Even better than the brisket was the beef belly. 
 So bomb once you get these nice and crispy. 
 I could eat these for days. 
 The sirloin was also very good as it was flavorful and tender. 
 The brisket. 
 beef belly. 
 and the sirloin were the top 3 for sure. 
 

2. 
 Customer Service: Top notch. 
 Our server Drew was awesome. 
 He constantly checked up on us to see if we needed anything. 
 He was on point changing out our grill when it started to get dirty. 
 He must have changed our grill at least a handful of times. 
 Not to mention they were lightning fast in bringing out our meat orders. 
 This place has the best customer service of any KBBQ restaurant I've been to. 
 They even collectively gather around and dance when it's someone's birthday. 
 Props. 
 However which leads me to. 
. 
. 


Cons: 
1. 
 Birthdays: once or twice can be interesting and fun. 
 They have all the workers gather around the birthday table and dance for a minute or so. 
 However. 
 once it becomes 3 or more times it can be a bit annoying so be prepared if you happen to go during a busy birthday weekend. 
 You've been warned. 
 

To top it all off they give you some green tea ice cream at the end and it was the perfect dessert. 
 Light and airy to help cleanse your palate. 
 

Definitely will be back. 


Defiantly coming back :)


Coming in for a weekend dinner? Expect at least an hour+ wait. 
  No worries though. 
 you can either grab a seat inside the waiting area and play cards to pass the time. 
  Or. 
 you can make like me and go next door to sip upon the mighty tasty Enjoy By IPA's (they go quick. 
). 
  Also worth mentioning. 
 the staff here was extremely accommodating to our party (even at the volume of customers). 
  

That hour passed and we all got seated. 
  Once you cross the other side of the register. 
 it's like stepping into a VIP room. 
  Looking around. 
 with the biggest grin on your face. 
 you can't help it. 
  The sides quickly came out and the serve quickly took our order (this became a natural process here). 
 

The occasion was a birthday party and the guy nearly screwed it up. 
 Don't know his name . 
 he was a short fellow. 
 They will ask for a Facebook or ID and I showed him her FB. 
 I initially went over to him to make it very discreet so the birthday girl wouldn't know then a little later he came over to double check even when we were both on the same page on who it was. 
 She didn't know so we were all good. 
 Also. 
 they will wait until you're almost finished before they celebrate. 
 That's at least what the hostess told me when I asked. 
 

For the menu. 
 They have an A ($23. 
99) and B ($31. 
99) menu. 
 With B. 
 you get all of A plus some more premium meats such as filet mignon. 
 king salmon. 
 and beef short ribs. 
 

We choose A and that's good enough for me. 
 I love the bulgogi and salad. 
. 
 I can go through 3 or 4 bowls of salad easily. 
 The meats were very fresh. 
 So good. 
 The brisket also had barely any fat on it and the meats are not frozen. 


Solid place for KBBQ in the OC area. 
 Especially if it's a birthday that is being celebrated. 



Most Korean places I go to. 
 the wait is over and hour long. 
 . 
 we were able to get a table right away. 
 Not sure if it's because it's lunch time. 
 or if they're just very good with turn over. 
 

Service was ok. 
 They're fairly busy. 
 so they don't come around as often as I'd like. 
 . 
 still do come around to check unlike most Asian places. 


All in all. 
 good experience and will definitely be back. 



Was craving kbbq and our previous favorite place was rebranded so decided to give this place a try due to their reviews. 
 Was exactly as expected. 
 

It's a little more expensive than other places I've been to . 
 it's because they claim their meat selection to be "Premium Meats. 
"  Honestly. 
 I did not taste quality that was better than other places . 
 their service was pretty good. 
 

We came on a Friday night at 9:30 and got seated in 15 minutes. 
 Server checked on us often and made sure we were satisfied each time. 
 

Only thing I can say that i didn't like was that the birthday routine gets old after the 5th time you have to hear it. 
 Lol


After an exhausting day at Disneyland we happened upon this gem. 
 List on the Yelp Top 100 Restaurants in the US as number 27. 
 Upon arrival. 
 we were given a pager and informed of a 1 hour wait time. 
 They have a large wait area with tables. 
 card games. 
 and Genga. 
 the interior is very flamboyant and clean. 
 Friendly host staff and large wait staff. 
 With a name of Mr BBQ i was pleased that each table had a bbq station and overhead vent. 


We were seated and introduced to Sean. 
 Great guy. 
 knew his product. 
 offered up recommendations. 
 very attentive. 
 and prompt with requests. 
 They have a large $23. 
99 meat selection and a $31. 
99 premium meat option with a whole table policy pricing. 
 If 1 person wants the premium the whole table is charged the higher price. 
 i've been to many Korean BBQ joints and this is by far the best customer service we have experienced. 
 They always had somebody available to assist your needs. 
 Kinda reminded me of Fogo De Chao Steakhouse Service . 
 their birthday shows go above and beyond with loud background music. 
 songs. 
 and lots of props. 


We were immediately given an assortment of side dishes ranging from kimchee. 
 seasoned sprouts. 
 fish cakes. 
 spicy pickled cucumbers. 
 diakon radish. 
 and marinated seaweed with some american dishes of sliced spicy potatoes. 
 macaroni salad. 
 and broccoli. 
 a nice green leaf salad. 
 meat dipping sauce with salt. 
 We requested sesame oil to add to the salt. 
 Korean Red Bean Paste (Adzuki Bean). 
 Rice paper. 
 garlic and jalapenos to add to the meat. 
 Barley Water. 
 and finally rice. 
Whats asian food without rice??? We are sooooo needy . 
 they accommodated each and every request. 
 Everything had unique flavors and complimented the meal. 


they certainly live up to the Yelp rating. 
 Our meats were well marinated seasoned. 
 and flavorful. 
 Service was so good that i'm mentioning it twice. 
 we'll definitely be back and looking forward to trying the other options. 
 it's worth the long wait. 


Also. 
 the side dishes that come with the meal is really good. 
 and I would overall recommend this place. 



Overall. 
 the changes have been for the better. 
 I would definitely suggest coming for lunch to save a few bucks. 
 Overall. 
 I am a fan. 





I mean filet mignon. 
 rib eye steak. 
 and scallop  as an all u can eat? So good. 
. 
. 
. 
 it's a pretty  big portion  too. 
. 
. 
. 
 if u decide to order the list w. 
 the filet and stuff  it cost extra . 
 u can still pick from both lists. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
its a lot of food choose from. 
. 
. 
 I think it was a little under $32 a person. 
. 
. 
. 


Our waitress  was hands down the nicest gal I've meet. 
. 
. 
. 
i forget her name . 
 she was awesome. 
. 
. 
 on top w. 
 refills and changing the grill pan. 
. 
. 
. 


I was a little confuse  w. 
 the restroom. 
. 
. 
 there is a chicken and a cow picture for the restroom. 
. 
. 
. 
i went into the chicken one since i was chick. 
. 
. 
maybe if I paid attention  to the color red chicken and blue cow. 
. 
. 
. 
smh. 
. 
. 
food coma was creeping up. 
. 
. 
. 


This place gets packed ASAP. 
. 
. 
. 
 we came on a Thursday around  5pm and by 530 most of the tables got filled. 
. 
. 
. 
. 


Will I return? Yes I will 100%. 
. 
. 



In the first round. 
 we ordered 2 bulgogi and pork rib. 
 The pork rib was perfectly marinated and tender. 
 The bulgogi was a disappointment because It was dry and lacked of flavors. 
 During the second round. 
 they gave us a really good plate of bulgogi where it is soft and flavorful. 
 However the pork ribbed was very fatty and wasn't as good as the first time. 


Overall it was still good . 
 I don't like that they serve a mix quality of meat during your meal. 
 as if your suppose to only go for the first round. 



The banchan were awesome. 
 with japchae (glass noodles). 
 potato salad. 
 macaroni salad. 
 bean sprouts. 
. 
. 
 pretty much everything I like. 


Then onto the meat. 
. 
. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ has plenty of choices and each were top quality. 
 I usually order a ton of brisket. 
 . 
 here. 
 I love the beef belly and beef tongue the most. 
 We even got shrimp. 
 which I hardly ever order because I'm too lazy to peel. 
 . 
 it was so delicious here. 
 that I ended up peeling and eating about 5-6. 


In addition. 
 the salad and spicy tofu soup mixed in with rice (I know. 
 I'm probably the only person who orders rice at ayce) helped cut some of the fattiness of the meats and really rounded out the meal. 
 

You finish off with a scoop of green tea ice cream. 
 Overall. 
 service was great. 
 with waiters consistently taking our new orders for meat. 
 refilling our waters. 
 and changing our grills. 
 For $30 after tax and tip. 
 I would definitely come back in a heartbeat. 



First the service here is OUTSTANDING. 
  They don't rush you. 
. 
 there is no time limit. 
  They actually provide service and cook and cut for you. 
  This is not typical for all you can eat places. 
  They change your grill multiple times so you aren't susceptible to a burnt grill for cancer. 


I would not be a fool and order anything . 
 the premium all you can eat package (it's a little pricier at $31 per person) . 
 the filet mignon. 
 ribeye. 
 scallops. 
 and salmon are WELL WORTH IT. 


Oh and the flavored soju isn't alcoholic . 
 delicious. 
  Lemon and yogurt were really good. 


The side dishes are okay. 
. 
. 
 not my favorite. 
  Steamed egg was meh. 
. 
 the Korean tofu jigae was below standard. 


They didn't seem to have a charge for not eating all your food . 
 I can't see you doing this when it's such high quality meat. 


You will be covered in Korean bbq smells and oil (from the splatter from the grill) . 
 it's a good covering. 
  :)


Currently. 
 this place is listed #27 on Yelp's Top 100 restaurants list for 2016. 
 which is much deserved. 
 So why do I love this place so much?

Food:
The meat quality is spectacular. 
 and there's so many options to choose from. 
 I'm so OBSESSED with their beef belly that it's probably dangerous for my health. 
 Dip each slice in some sesame seed oil. 
 So good. 
 The first time I was there. 
 I ordered like 4 plates for myself. 
 Their different flavored pork bellies were amazing as well. 
 I also really liked their tongue. 
 which is surprising. 
 since I'm usually not a fan. 
 Other notable items: sausage. 
 mussels. 
 brisket. 
 Their bancan was decent - I liked their japchae a lot. 
 

Service:
Honestly. 
 the best service I've had in a KBBQ restaurant. 
 In fact. 
 the best service I've ever had in a restaurant in general. 
 In the first night. 
 I was there with a group of friends on a busy Friday night. 
 The waiter (Andrew) was extremely efficient. 
 friendly. 
 and funny. 
 He gave us free samples of flavored soju. 
 He was attentive to all of our needs. 
 and always served us with a smile. 
 He even anticipated our needs (it's like he could read our minds. 
. 
. 
) - knew when we wanted to order more food. 
 knew when we wanted to change our grill). 
 I'm amazed. 
 I don't think I've ever tipped so generously in my life. 
 

Plus. 
 they have the best birthday surprises here. 
 I took my sister two days later for her birthday. 
 They wanted to see her ID. 
 . 
 I told them it would kind of ruin the surprise. 
 As long as their birthday is within that week. 
 they will accommodate. 
 What I love is that they'll play a Happy Birthday song. 
 then play some random hip hop . 
 EDM . 
 rap song and have their entire staff dance in front of you. 
 It's quite amusing. 
 and I love it. 
 They also will give everyone in your party a little icecream dessert. 


Advice: The wait times range from 1-2 hours. 
 They'll give you a device that will alert you when your table is ready. 
 You could always go to the bar nearby. 
 and have a few drinks as you wait. 
 Or play some board games in the waiting area. 
 

On the weekends. 
 the dinner price applies (+$20). 
 

Also the parking lot is limited. 
 Just circle around or follow people that look like they're leaving. 
 

I love you so much Mr. 
 BBQ. 
 I will be back. 



I recommend getting on menu:
1. 
 Thin Sliced Prime Beef Brisket
3. 
 Premium Beef Belly
6. 
 Premium Marinated Choice Sirloin
10. 
 Teriyaki Chicken
13. 
 Finely Sliced Pork Belly
21. 
 Master Link's Portuguese Hawaiian
25. 
 Fresh Shrimp

What I love about Korean style food is the spread. 
 So many varieties of small plates and colors. 
 I knew I was at the right place when the majority of the table was covered in food and you can't fit all of it in a picture haha. 
 I love there fresh salad. 
 kimchi. 
 potato salad. 
 and relish paper. 
 And mini soft serve ice cream at the end of the meal. 
 Sooo yummy. 


The young staff always changed the grill. 
 refill our plates. 
drinks. 
 kept everything clean and asked if we wanted more food. 
 We never had to flag them down. 
 yay. 
 They sing happy birthday if it's your birthday and play the drums haha. 
 It seemed like a marching band. 
 Pretty fun. 



https:. 
. 
www. 
yelpblog. 
com. 
2016. 
02. 
yelps-top-100-places-to-eat-in-the-us-for-2016-fast-track-to-a-food-coma

Since the 26 restaurants before aren't Korean BBQ restaurants. 
 that makes Mr. 
 BBQ the #1 KBBQ place in the United States of America. 
 beating out the Gen KBBQ branch. 
 

I think this restaurant earned it. 
 The meat quality is amazing. 
 There are many different options of meat to try. 
 Some of my favorites are the different flavored pork belly. 
 and the beef belly. 
 The side dishes are good. 
 not spectacular. 
 . 
 just okay. 
 

The thing that makes this place stand out the most is the service. 
 I've had good service at KBBQ restaurants before. 
 . 
 the attention and care of the people who work here was enough to make me almost cry of joy. 
 Also. 
 if it's someone's birthday. 
 they will dance and sing for you and give you and your guests free ice cream. 
 

The only downsides are that the parking lot can get really full. 
 I got really lucky because there was only one spot when we went. 
 Also. 
 it is $20 on the weekend. 
 regardless of time you come. 


I'll be back. 
 The 45 minute drive is worth it. 



I love the food there. 
 They have tons of different kind of meats and other food items like cold noodles. 
 which is suppose to help with digestion. 
 The limitless appetizers are really good too. 
 There's also dessert at the end. 
 I think it's usually a scoop of ice cream. 
 

The servers are super nice and patient. 
 I had a hard time cutting up the sirloin steak cause it was too thick. 
 so the waiter helped me cut it. 
 

It does get kind of loud. 
 There's always a lot of people there. 
 so the wait is kind of long. 
 We waited around an hour or so before we got seated. 
 There used to be valet parking . 
 they don't have it anymore. 
 The parking lot is small and gets really congested. 
 Luckily. 
 they have seats and tables with games that you can play while waiting. 



Always call ahead for the wait time or you can find yourself standing outside staring at your phone in hanger. 
  

Don't take a date here unless you plan on hooking up while you both smell like shit. 



Honestly I wasn't sure why a lot of people like this place. 
 Maybe it's because it's the only kbbq place in Fullerton?? Or it's very similar to Gen. 
 

AYCE Dinner is $24 for the lowest one. 
 I guess you get a lot of options. 
 Maybe the reason why I didn't like this place was because their brisket was not that good. 
 It was so hard and chewy. 
. 
 The Bulgogi and the Premium Cut Sirloin were both good. 
 The Premium Cut Sirloin was pretty tender. 
 The Mr. 
 BBQ (marinated sirloin) and the Finger Short Ribs were just average. 
 

The ambience looks so fun because of the music and lights. 
 The workers also come out and dance when it's your birthday. 
 I would've gave 4 stars . 
 the service was not that great. 
 The lady in the front said it could be 30-40 min wait because the rest of my party wasn't there (we were the only ones waiting). 
 Also. 
 we always had to flag down our server. 
 She was watching the tv for a good 5 minutes while we were trying to get her attention. 
 

I may be back when I want kbbq in Fullerton. 
 But definitely not my go to place


The food here is your typical ayce Korean Barbeque . 
 slightly better than Gen. 
 Don't get me wrong. 
 the price reflects why too. 
 You can either choose $23. 
99 or $31. 
99 for your meat options. 
 The waiters here are not very responsive since we were not seated till almost 9:20 and they're closed at 10:00. 
. 
. 
they need better management . 



Their meat selection is one of the highest quality of any KBBQ I've been to and they have a great variety of banchan. 
 My favorite selections are the spicy pork belly. 
 ribeye. 
 beef brisket and the filet mignon. 


The staff is friendly and always willing to help. 
 The servers come around pretty often to replace grills. 
 refill drinks. 
 and ask if you want more meat. 


Warning: Don't let your friends bring you here for your bday. 
. 
. 
. 
you will be embarrassed



Pros

Bulgogi: The best item from their AYCE lunch menu was the bulgogi. 
 I really enjoyed the sweet and savory marinade for the beef. 


Beef Belly: My first time having beef belly and it was amazing. 
 The extremely thin and salty slices of beef belly goes on well with the rice paper and some lettuce. 
 

Banchan: They bring out a wide selection of side dishes that ranges from Korean stir fried noodles. 
 stir fried fish cakes. 
 steamed vegetables. 
 and potato salads. 
 They of course have your basic green salad. 
 rice paper. 
 pickled radish. 
 and kimchi. 
 

Free Ice Cream: Without even asking. 
 my waiter brought out a scoop of ice cream as soon as we were done our meal. 
 The ice cream was much appreciated after the hearty meal. 
 

Service: The staff was really attentive in taking orders and bringing them out promptly and there was never a moment where I had to flag someone down. 




Food was excellent - probably the widest array and most generous portions of banchan I've ever seen at KBBQ. 
 They laid out enough dishes to circle the entire grill at our table (probably 15 -20 dishes of it. 
. 
. 
 incredible). 
 $15. 
99 for "PAYCE" (premium all you can eat lunch menu) was super reasonable - we started off the brisket (of course). 
 thin sliced pork belly. 
 and premium chuck steak. 
 Kimberlee kept on top of refills and provided everything we needed without asking (rice paper. 
 radishes. 
 salad. 
 water. 
 grill changes. 
 etc. 
. 
. 
 most of the things you have to ask for at many other KBBQ places). 
 I'm telling you. 
 opening a trendy restaurant near a college campus (in this case two). 
 offering great food and not skimping. 
 and hiring motivated kids to work there is the way to go if you want a booming business. 
 Other standouts (which is pretty much everything else we ordered): spicy garlic pork . 
t (this was just awesome - it wasn't overly saturated in marinade). 
 thin sliced pork neck. 
 thin sliced pork belly and cold kimchee noodle soup (super-refreshing). 
 At the end Kimberlee brought out 3 small cups with generous single scoops of cookie dough ice cream - the only complaint I have is that I didn't get any cookie dough in my scoop. 
. 
. 
 LOL. 
 It's okay. 
 my son had one in his. 
 and my wife only gave him less than a small spoonful of ice cream so I was good to go :)

I can't say enough good things about this place - it's worth every penny and lives up to the hype. 
 RUN. 
 GET TO THE CHOPPPPAHHHHHHH. 
. 
. 



1) Recommend trying beef tongue. 
 I know it sounds gross . 
 it's like brisket . 
 with a leaner. 
 tender texture. 


2) Hawaiian steak was so juicy and delicious 

After the beef tongue my group didn't want to try anything else. 
 I'm a fan of pork cheek and beef belly so I def wanna come back to try that. 


Service was good which you normally don't  expect from busy kbbq places. 
 I was impressed by their birthday routine :) so funny and cute. 
 Highly suggest coming here for a birthday. 
 

I wish price was a little lower . 
 it does make sense given the selection ~


The food was ridiculously awesome. 
  We paid for the premium meats. 
 With this. 
 we were able to order salmon. 
 a full rib eye steak and filet mignon. 
 All were awesome. 
 The meats on the regular menu were great too. 
 If you don't want to go premium. 
 no worries. 
 The regular menu was just as satisfying. 
 There were a plethora of sides that satisfied my little picky eater. 
 

Speaking of my picky eater. 
. 
. 
  they brought out a complimentary lunch tray with rice. 
 veggies. 
 and a juice box for her. 
 

The best part? Wait for it. 
. 
. 
ICE CREAM. 
  They give you ice cream at the end of the meal. 


Best. 
 Experience. 


Probably the only decent place in Fullerton. 
 . 
 i would rather go to Star BBQ in garden grove anyday. 


Their large intestine was unavailable like the last 5 times i went. 



Service was attentive and the selection was incredible. 
 The restaurant is huge and the staff changed out the grills regularly and seemlessly. 


All the meats we ordered were well flavored and because the grills were updated so often we really got the meats cooked well and quickly. 
 The banchan were good . 
 I've had better. 
 

This place is great and despite how crowded it was the wait wasn't too long and I'll likely be back if I'm ever in the area again. 



The wait wasn't very long. 
 we actually got seated within 5 to 10 minutes around 6:30 PM on a Monday night. 
 I'm so used to waiting an hour or two with a small group of people. 
 so I was very impressed that 11 of us got seated so quickly. 


We sat down and our server was quick to set up our table and serve us our water. 
 We ordered 2 carafes of soju (yogurt and pineapple) and a tower of Hite beer. 
 Those came pretty quickly as well. 
 Whatever we ordered on one side we ordered for the other since we had 2 grills at our table and more than half of us were new to Korean BBQ (not me. 
 Korean BBQ is a weekly meal for me. 
)

Our server was very sweet. 
 attentive. 
 and very curious about our group. 
 When checking our IDs. 
 he noticed we were from all over CA & 3 from out of state. 
 He asked us questions and made sure that the newbies were well taken care of. 
 As he served us throughout the night. 
 he realized we had 3 birthday celebrations. 
 When we tried to tell them about it. 
 he already had it in order for the servers to throw it down and turn up for our birthday folks. 
 Way to take initiative server. 


The meat quality is great. 
 You definitely get what you pay for. 
 I wouldn't recommend this to groups who are trying to be intimate and enjoy each others companies. 
 It is very loud and with all the birthday celebrations that go on throughout your meal. 
 it is hard to really focus on your people. 
 However. 
 if you're a big group like we were and all we wanted to do is have fun. 
 drink. 
 eat. 
 and make fun of eachother. 
 this is the place to be. 



All the meats we ordered were very good. 
  I like the marinated short ribs the most. 
 I got the soy bean paste soup this time and I enjoyed it. 

The salad and the side dishes were fresh. 
  

Service: friendly. 
 they checked on you frequently and offered to change out grills without asking. 


Parking: could be hard to find on the weekends. 

We parked at the CVS parking lot and walked over. 


Go early and you should not need to wait too long on the weekends. 




I was impressed by the sides they had. 
 The quality of the meat is outstanding as well. 
 better than a lot of other KBBQ places I've been to. 
 I generally don't like bulgogi. 
 . 
 their bulgogi was perfectly marinated and not as sweet as other places. 
 I can't wait to go back for lunch again. 
 I definitely left feeling full and extremely satisfied. 



the parking is pretty generous . 
 they do get filled up really quick. 
 the wait here is bit long during the rush hour. 
 there will be . 
tload of people waiting to eat the delicious Kbbq. 
 1-3hr wait. 
 i was there for lunch and was 1st customer so no wait. 
. 
. 
 

this place has no call bell like some of the other Corean places . 
 thats okay because they check on you pretty frequently. 
 the staff is very friendly and they will give you what you ask in time. 
 and as always. 
 be nice to your servers and they will be nice to you. 
 before cooking any meat. 
 i took a look at the utensils (tong) and it was bit dirty. 
. 
. 
 i asked for clean one 3 times. 
. 
. 
 

the food. 
. 
. 
 side dishes are in small portion . 
 we all know thats not why we are there. 
 it is because of the meat. 
. 
. 
. 
 yes. 
. 
. 
 for some odd reason. 
 they have really good choices of meat. 
 anything and everything seems fresh. 
 i had no complaints about he meat. 
 they are simply the best and the price is excellent for what you get. 
. 
. 
 the only place i would hands down come for this. 
. 
. 



*then I wake up from my delicious dream*

Listed at #27 on Yelp's Top 100 Restaurants this year. 
 my girl friends and I had to dine here for Valentine's Day. 
 It was the BEST idea. 
 Let me tell you why:

- $2 valet so you don't have to worry about parking
- They have seats and tables in the waiting room
- Very clean restaurant
- Friendly. 
 fun. 
 and attentive service
- Lots of TVs
- Great variety of meats and seafood items
- Sweetest. 
best shrimps I've ever had
- Ice cream dessert to end your meal

Best $25 AYCE KBBQ ever. 
 For Valentine's Day. 
 they even offered to take a picture of your table and print it out for you. 
 What a sweet deal. 



They have a large selection of banchans. 
 That's always a huge plus for me. 


They have a large selection of meat. 
 Everything was delicious. 
 I also tried the steamed egg. 
 tofu. 
 and bean paste stew. 
 The winner out of those three is the bean paste stew. 
 It was so flavorful. 
 The tofu soup was bland. 
 The steamed egg was also good. 


The service here was spectacular and really set them apart from the other AYCE bbq restaurants. 


For my nieces birthday they flickered the lights and sang to her. 
 She was so happy. 
 Everyone got a free scoop of icecream. 
 

My family really enjoyed our meal here and we will definitely be back in the future. 


We knew what to order and were starving. 
 When we were seated. 
 30 minutes after the other two arrived. 
 we had to wait another half an hour. 
  Mist everyone did not feel good and had to pack the food and left. 



The $24. 
99 has tons of options. 
 . 
 does not include filet mignon. 
 rib eye and bone-in short rib at the $32. 
99 side. 
  If you're here. 
 you gotta get the $32. 
99 to make your trip worth it. 
  

We got 4 filet. 
 1 rib eye. 
 2 short ribs. 
 4 scallops. 
 2 briskets. 
 1 beef belly. 
 1 pork belly. 
 and 1 beef tough. 
 I gotta say. 
 the beef belly was not my favorite cause it's just too fatty. 
  It's basically. 
. 
. 
 just fat. 
   All the other meat were fresh and delicious. 
  If you're a seafood person. 
 you need to order the scallops. 
  The scallops were not those tiny ones. 
 they were the large size ones. 
  

Tip: There's always a wait so be prepared to wait at least 45 minutes. 
 . 
 the positive side is they got games for you to play while you wait. 



It's $16 for lunch and they have a wide selection of quality meats. 
 My absolute favorite is the beef belly. 
 So good. 
 like brisket . 
 more fatty. 
 Meats are good. 
 sides are good and service here is always great. 
 Ooh and they also give you ice cream at the end of your meal. 
 

Must try. 



Ps: the playlist was so effing lit. 
 Sooo lit you wanted to sing and eat


Service 3. 
5: average waiting time is about one hour. 
 waiters and waitresses were very nice. 
 . 
 forgetful. 
 misplaced orders a couple times. 
 either gave the wrong items or wrong amount

Food 3. 
5: in general ok with a few highlights. 
 the grill plate was so sticky. 
 and food get burnt easily. 
 they could have done a better job to brush the clean plate with some oil first
  Banchan - **** lovely small dishes. 
 17 kinds. 
 most were tasty. 
 recommend
  Chadol - *** thinly sliced prime beef brisket. 
 chewy meat. 
 average
  Bulgogi - ** premium marinated choice chuck. 
 poor quality
  Woobaesal - ** premium beef belly. 
 so so
  Wagyu Nookgansal - **** premium wagyu finger short ribs. 
 juicy and tender. 
 recommend
  Wagyu Hyuhmeetgui - *** premium wagyu beef tongue. 
 average
  Saamgyupsal - *** premium cut fresh pork belly. 
 average
  Hanchi - **** baby squid. 
 well marinated. 
 soft. 
 juicy and mouthful. 
 recommend
  Maewoon Ohjeengoh - *** spicy marinate squid. 
 average
  Hoenghab - *** mussel. 
 average
  Saewoo - **** fresh shrimp. 
 recommend
  Daengjang Jeegae - * housemade bean paste stew. 
 very salty
  Soondooboo - *** spicy housemade tofu soup. 
 average
  Doengcheemee Gooksoo - ** cold white kimchi noodles. 
 so so
  Gyuranjeem - *** housemade steamed egg. 
 average
  
Price 2. 
5: overpriced for its quality. 
 they have raised up the prices. 
 expect $30 the minimum. 
 for the same price I get better food somewhere else. 
 or for the same quality I paid much less

Tips: Overall I would not recommend this place. 
 not worth the waiting time at all. 
 which has been overrated and overpriced. 
 and lack of maintenance in public area. 
 such as waiting zone and restrooms


Premium AYCE is true. 
 my dudes. 
 Excellent quality meats. 
 fast service and great price. 
 For the first tier. 
 it's $25 per person. 
 second tier is about $30. 
 with 6-7 more meat selections. 
 Me. 
 wanting to save a few bucks (*rolls eyes). 
 went with the first tier. 
 and it has more than enough variety for the pickiest kbbq eater. 
 

My go-to's:
brisket - decent. 
 your average brisket. 
 Cooks fast so you and your hungry friends can eat fast. 

Mr. 
 BBQ - I think this is a new one. 
 It's marinated sirloin. 
 tastes similar to Gen's Hawaiian steak. 
 . 
. 
 honestly. 
 much softer. 
 It's better. 
. 
. 
 and so delicious. 

Beef belly - it's sliced so thinly. 
 it melts in your mouth if you cook it to perfection. 
 I don't like mine crispy. 
 like most belly-eaters. 

wagyu short ribs - a little chewy for wagyu . 
 has such good flavor. 
 A little salt and pepper and it's ready to go. 
 

The wait is worth it. 
 in my opinion. 
 They give you a pager. 
 so don't stray too far. 
 Plenty of parking. 
 Would definitely eat here again and again. 
. 
. 
 and again. 
 (They celebrate birthdays in a cute way. 
 too. 
 if you need any ideas. 
)




Their meats are really of high quality(expected since price is pretty expensive). 
 I do like how they have so much choices on their menu that everything you would want on a kbbq place would be here. 


In regards to the ambiance. 
 I felt very comfortable as the design was magnificent. 
 well spaced and doesnt feel to crowded once you are on your seat. 
 

The waiters were very fast and its easy to ask for water or get the next order you wanted. 


All in all. 
 its not the best kbbq I've tasted so far . 
 its definitely worth a comeback. 



Yea I said it. 
 . 
 it's true. 
 Gen is good. 
 . 
 it's getting too commercialized and is spreading all over state. 
 and I'm a big fan of smaller restaurants. 
 Super nice staff. 
 and meat quality is on point. 
 

Only con: parking sucks. 
 and there's always a lot of people there cuz this place is just that great. 



There are many places for KBBQ on every corner nowadays. 
 . 
 Mr. 
 BBQ in Fullerton is one of the best spots and only spots I go to for the best quality food and excellent service. 
 Their menu options are extensive no matter which package you go to and during lunch or dinner. 
 Their food is consistently good quality from the side dishes to the meat selections. 
 My favorite choices are the fresh cut choice ribeye. 
 beef belly. 
 brisket. 
 and filet mignon. 
 The stews and banchan (side dishes) are always good and plentiful in variety. 
 With so many places to get your KBBQ fix. 
 this is one spot where it's a true focus on quantity without skimping on quality. 


What truly makes my family. 
 friends. 
 coworkers. 
 & I go back to this location is the exceptional service. 
 The entire staff is fun. 
 friendly. 
 and on top of customer service. 


Our group's favorite server is Won. 
 he is outstanding and timely and takes care of us well every time we have a team outing here. 
 He is not only professional. 
 polite. 
 and engages in seamless conversation as he volunteers to prepares our meats on the grill. 
 he is a natural at exceptional customer service. 
 He also provides his own insight on his favorite meats and how to cook t the right way. 
 This is one of the best places to embarrass your coworkers on their birthdays. 
 Our company employees just recently had a celebration and went to Mr. 
 BBQ and Won made it a great experience. 


The lasting impression? "There are many KBBQ places you can choose from in SoCal . 
 Mr. 
 BBQ is truly one of the best. 
"


This is my new SoCal AYCE KBBQ favorite. 
 You definitely want to order the Premium AYCE menu for $29. 
99 (includes all classic AYCE menu items) --it's worth it. 
 

All the quality meats are seasoned to perfection and they have a good variety of banchan. 
 The meat is so flavorful. 
 When I went to Gen the next evening. 
 their meat tasted bland compared to the meat here. 
 What I also appreciate is their accommodating service. 
 They are on point here--so attentive and friendly. 
 Some servers at other KBBQ places forget to bring dishes you requested for. 
 . 
 here. 
 they never forget and they continually check-in on your table. 
 so you don't have to take the time to flag anyone down. 
 

My recommendations: 
+ Wagyu Hyuhmeetgui (beef tongue) 
+ Chadol (brisket) 
+ Woobaesal (beef belly) 
+ Maewoon Daeji Bulgogi (spicy garlic pork . 
t) 
+ Daeji Moaksal (pork neck) 
+ Anything on the premium ACYE menu. 
 

We will definitely be back. 



1. 
 Valet parking only here ($2). 
 Really?? It's not about the money . 
 lame how they force you to valet. 


2. 
 Waits are long . 
 that's expected from a popular bbq joint

3. 
 Brisket aka the most famous cut at an ayce bbq place was DRY. 
 Not enough marbling and just plain ol dry even though I didn't overcook it. 
 Disappointing. 
 

4. 
 Beef belly was literally ALL fat. 
 The second round was a lot less fat . 
 then it just tasted like the dry brisket. 
 Blah

5. 
 Their "wagyu finger short rib" was sooo chewy. 
 One of their more popular items too. 


6. 
 Their birthday celebrations are super tacky and reminded me of Chuck E Cheese. 
 The birthday music literally fills up the entire restaurant and it's pure mayhem for 3 mins. 
 Eyeroll

7. 
 The free vanilla ice cream sucks (that's prob why it's free?). 
 Tastes like pure cream and sugar. 
 Blech


Food quality - excellent 
Service - incredibly prompt and friendly 
Ambience - high energy. 
 fun. 
 matches the food quality 

Downside - long wait . 
 worth it. 


Go here and be prepared for a meat eaters journey. 
 

I tried the filet mignon. 
 brisket. 
 short ribs. 
 chuck. 
 squid. 
 Hawaiian sausage. 
 intestines. 
 sirloin and then I nearly purged . 
. 
. 
. 
. 


Be careful and pace yourself this is a gluttons heaven. 
  I'll keep coming back here again and again and again. 



For all you Gen loyalists out there. 
 i'm sorry . 
 Mr. 
 BBQ is the new PAYCE KBBQ King. 
. 
 For $23. 
99. 
 you get more than 20 choices of meat. 
 about ten good sides plus excelent service. 
. 
. 
 I highly recommend #6 meat which is the marinated sirloin coz it's sooo juicy and tasty. 
. 
 

Valet is available for $2 . 
 you can always find free parking spaces close by. 



Huge banchan selection. 
 lengthy choice of meats. 
 consistently excellent service. 
 poppin atmosphere. 
 beer towers. 
 and fair prices. 
 For once. 
 the endless praise on Yelp towards one restaurant makes sense. 
 It's not hype. 
 it's real. 
 You need to try Mr. 
 BBQ if you haven't already. 


The only drawback is the tiny parking lot. 
 . 
 that's not the restaurant's fault. 
 Just park in the nearby residential area and walk over. 
 Beats paying valet. 
 IMO. 



This place has thee most banchans ever. 
 They serve you pretty much everything you can think off. 
 They have so much meat selection. 
 my favorite has to be the beef tongue. 
 brisket and pork belly. 


The first time I came here was with my BF and his friends. 
 We were served this special sauce that my BF and I got addicted to. 
 I asked about it this past weekend when we went and the waiters looked at me as if I was crazy. 
 I finally described it to the other waiter and he said it's just the three sauce mixed together with garlic and jalapeos. 
 A must try - it's so good. 
 

Definitely recommend this place. 
 if the wait is long. 
 you can chill at the bar called "the back room". 
 FYI though. 
 they open at 6PM. 


**sometimes there's valet parking for $2


Double dated here and had to wait almost 2hrs to get a table. 
 It's just kbbq I thought. 
 what can make this any better than all the other kbbq spots? Everything here makes it better than every other kbbq spot. 


$23 dinner is a more than reasonable price for the variety and quality of meat you get. 
 

The soju sampler was perfect for 4. 
 They even let you sample the different soju slushes before ordering. 
 . 
 honestly those samples were a round of drinks itself. 
 

Service could of not been anymore perfect. 
 Never even had to get our servers attention. 
 He always came to us making sure we had everything. 
 True definition of customer service. 
 I believe our server's name was "jt". 
 

If your into Gen kbbq or mo dae po (however you spell it). 
 Mr. 
 Bbq will change your Life. 
 I wish they opened one in LA. 


PAYCE. 



There's this study done out of Stanford that states that a customer's rating in restaurant reviews is largely dependent on how he. 
she feels [they were] treated. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ understands this phenomenon completely. 
 This establishment shines above any other Korean BBQ experience because of their stance on superior customer service. 
 I wish I remembered the name of our last server because he stood out as even the best of the already very good cadre of servers. 


In a fairly short amount of time in existence. 
 Mr BBQ has found its place in Yelp's Top 100 places to eat in the U. 
S. 
. 
 That's phenomenal considering its young life. 
 Its recognition is well deserved. 
 It seems like they are putting a lot of hard work. 
 heart. 
 and fun into what they are doing. 
 Passion always reveals itself. 
 :-) . 
. 
. 
. 
and makes for an exemplary customer experience. 
 It's always a good. 
 light. 
 and happy time here. 
 Five very well-deserved stars. 



BTW. 
 if any smaller groups are looking for a KBBQ place that seats people in the order that they arrive. 
 a place recently opened in Brea on Imperial Hwy. 
 They have much better prices (premium meat included). 
 and they do NOT "reserve" larger tables "in case" larger groups arrive. 


The food was fresh and full of flavor. 
  Especially liked the extra variety (at least 10) of banchan. 
  Portions were not stingy. 
 either. 
 unlike most Korean all you can eat joints. 
  Will eat here again. 
. 




They offer a huge assortment of banchan. 
 up to 10-15. 
 which are all refillable. 
 If you come for lunch. 
 it's $15. 
99 and dinner is $23. 
99 or $27. 
99 if you want more premium cuts. 
 I'm going to say that lunch is wayyy more worth it value. 
 Their best cuts of meat are the prime brisket (chadol). 
 beef belly and thin pork belly. 
 Dinner menu. 
 you have to get the steak and rib fingers too. 
 

Service is always top notch here. 
 super friendly staff. 
 they are always stopping by to help cook the meat. 
 refilling banchan. 
 rice paper. 
 etc. 
 If you're curious about the prize wheel behind the cashier. 
 you get to spin it if you order $15 worth of drinks. 
 Best value is to get a meal for 2 for free. 
 

Parking is always an issue here so they had to start a valet service for $2 on the weekends. 
 very fair. 
 Otherwise I just park across the street or just come at opening time. 
 If you are coming during normal lunch or dinner hours. 
 expect an hour wait or more. 
 . 
 it's really worth it. 
 I've learned my lesson and just show up at 11am for lunch to get my KBBQ fix here. 



I was impressed with how many sides they brought out even tho half of them were just alright tasting. 
 There were a lot of meat options to choose from. 
 We did half orders so we can try the different meats since it was only the two of us. 
 From everything that we tried I'd say the ones that I loved were the marinated top choice sirloin. 
 beef tongue. 
 beef belly. 
 brisket. 
 I'd say skip the white kimchi noodles and mussels. 
 I expected the white kimchi noodles to be something else . 
 when it came out. 
 I tried it and was like. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
wutt daa fuuqqq lol it was weird. 
 

At the end of the meal they give you a scoop of ice cream. 
 Free ice cream is always a plus. 



I came here for my best friend's birthday for a group of 9 and the wait for about 1 to 1. 
5 hours. 
. 
. 
 Luckily there is a bar in the back and their buzzer range works in that general area. 


The meat selection is awesome. 
 and pack of flavor. 
 I really enjoy their awesome selection of the pork belly. 
 

I understand now. 
 why it's sooo packed - their service and meat quality is really good. 


If you have a birthday. 
 request it. 
 They sing and bring everyone green tea ice cream. 



- Games in the front (cards. 
 uno. 
 etc) while you wait for a table
- Waiters and waitresses had LED nametags. 
 Wtf wow
- Short rib was spectacular. 
 Also included in the base option for AYCE. 

- Soju slushy. 
 That was yummy. 

- Staff really go all out when it comes to singing happy birthday for birthday people. 
 they even come out with a horn. 
 It seems really embarrassing . 
 fun. 

 - and of course. 
 solid KBBQ. 
 Brisket kept on coming. 
 so that made me a happy chubby carnivore. 


Enjoy. 



Highlights include the black Angus steak. 
 the brisket. 
  and the short rib. 
 We slayed 4 rounds of three meat plates each round for around $40 total. 
 Their salad is amazing. 
 The dressing is a great way to cut through the fattiness of the meat. 
 A good amount of banchan to take a break from the meat. 
 

There was about 7 different bdays that night and they really put on a show for the bday guest with led light sticks and edm. 
 Super fun. 



I just recently introduced this place to my boyfriend from Iowa and he can't wait to come back and eat here again. 
 Korean bbq isn't a thing in the Midwest yet unfortunately. 



I've had a lot of friends work here in the past and friends that have eaten here and they all told me its the best kbbq they've ever had so i had to come check it out. 
 this place is pretty spacious and has a hip vibe to it . 
 i can actually see what I'm eating (cough cough gen turn some lights on). 
 parking is kind of small . 
 there are people always leaving in and out so it should be okay. 


my friend and i came at noon today (saturday) and we expected the wait to be outrageously long . 
 surprisingly there was lots of room. 
 i guess people weren't trying to gorge at the beginning of 2016. 
. 
. 
 guess me and my friend didn't care since we got real fat from this meal :)

immediately service was on point from our waiter Peter who greeted us and made us feel real welcome. 
 recommended us some great things to try because we weren't really sure what we wanted to start out with. 
 and he constantly was checking up on us and getting everything we needed. 
 in the middle of our meal i guess it got real backed up and he noticed we were waiting so he went out of his way to fetch the meat for us himself (note: servers take notes cus this is how you make me happy). 
 made my first time at mr bbq a good one because he gets personal with you and even tho is busy still helped us out. 
. 
. 
 someone give this man a raise. 
. 
. 
. 
. 


food:
LUNCH ayce (11am-4pm M-F): $14. 
99 per person
DINNER ayce (every other time ^. 
 dinner. 
 weekends. 
. 
. 
 don't be dumb like us and show up thinking you're paying lunch price on weekends): $22. 
99 per person

-love the side dishes here. 
 i normally never eat the sides and save room for the meat . 
 they have a lot of different ones from the norm and they taste fresh
-meat is delicious. 
 fresh. 
 and of quality. 
 i don't just stuff my belly with just any kind of meat. 
 i tried (brisket. 
 beef belly. 
 pork belly. 
 beef tongue. 
 short ribs) all were good. 
 truly i only need brisket and it was fire here soo good
-they serve ice cream at the end and its like not some small ass sample. 
. 
. 
 full on scoop you guys. 
. 
. 
. 
 THANK YOU FOR NOT BEING STINGYYYY

worth it. 
 come backing eventually when my body can handle more abuse of delicious meat. 
. 
. 
. 
. 




There's usually a pretty long wait on the busier nights (1+ hours). 
 . 
 tonight I only had to wait. 
. 
. 
 0 seconds. 
. 
. 
 After I was seated. 
 someone immediately came to my table to give us water. 
  My waiter. 
 Joe. 
 was the best. 
 He knew what my table wanted before we even asked. 
 

My all time favorites here are: brisket. 
 beef belly. 
 been tongue. 
 and spicy pork . 
t. 
 There are also a lot of sides that are yummy--the mashed potatoes and sweet macaronis are sooooo good. 
 Idk what their real names are. 
. 
. 
 But just lookout for them lol 

All the servers here are really nice and attentive. 
 Whenever your grill is dirty. 
 they are ready to switch it out. 
 

The quality of the meat here is one of the best. 



But seriously. 
 I loved the variety of meats that they had here. 
  of course I was a big fan of the pork . 
t. 
  I know people rave about all the banchan that they serve here. 
 . 
 to me it was actually just okay. 
  Yes it was good. 
 . 
 nothing over the top in my opinion. 

The variety of drinks that they have is also very nice. 
 and they have happy hour from Monday-Thursday (I believe) from 11am-5pm?  Which our first server didn't tell us. 
 . 
 was lucky enough that the guy that replaced him fixed our bill and let us know about the happy hour. 
 :)

I've only been here twice and yes the wait was long during peak hours. 
 unless you come at around 3 or 4 when it's completely dead. 
  Which basically what happen my second time. 
  Either way. 
 service is always good. 
  Which is nice. 
 because I always feel like service is always the hard part with Korean bbq restaurants. 



Since it was a holiday. 
 they were charging dinner prices all day. 
 $23 for AYCE. 
 not too bad. 
 Our waiter was good. 
 . 
 a little spacey. 
 He did forget to bring our drinks. 
 so he didn't charge us for one of them. 
 which was nice. 
 He brought the banchan over right away and all of it was delicious. 
 I was bummed though. 
 because japchae is one of their banchans. 
 . 
 they were out of it. 
 Oh well. 


We got two plates of brisket. 
 one bulgogi. 
 and one beef belly. 
 All of the meat was great. 
 with the brisket being our favorite. 
 Our waiter checked on us frequently and brought us more rice paper and oil when we asked. 
 Their red chile sauce is really good. 
 very fresh tasting. 
 

Only complaints would be that our waiter would mess with our grill every time he walked by. 
 almost like he had forgotten that he just did it a few minutes ago. 
 At one point our grill was turned down so low that our meat was barely cooking. 
 He came by shortly and adjusted it. 
 And the tables were pretty greasy. 
 They had just cleaned it when we were seated. 
 and they just wiped it down with a wet rag. 
 so it was still wet. 
 and greasy on top of that. 
 

We definitely liked it though. 
 and we want to go again. 
 when it't not super busy. 


I really enjoyed the bulgogi and in Vegas they do not usually offer mussels for KBBQ so that was also a plus. 
 AND complimentary ice cream. 
 That is a winner in my book. 
 ^-^


Walked in at about 12 on a Tuesday and was immediately  seated in Peters area. 
 Nice modern look. 
 cute decor and plenty of tables. 
 One side of the restaurant was packed. 
 It was pretty cool we got the right side where it was still a bit on the calm side. 
 

We got all the sides (banchan? :D) This is the part that I don't understand. 
 why is it just a tiny bit of potato salad or two tiny pieces of broccoli? If anybody reading this would be nice to explain why the servings are so TINY. 
 Are they just to add on top of your little meat taco? . 
. 
I would really appreciate the clarification. 
 These little dishes are delicious. 
 I have to control myself and remember I want to pig out on the BBQ. 


 Peter was nice to explain that we get four choices per round. 
 This is what I loved here. 
 there are lots of options from the basics to Squid. 
 Ribs and Angus steak. 
 There was also soup options. 
 I tried the Tofu soup. 
 I had to add chili. 
 salt and corn to give it some flavor. 
. 
. 
 Next time I'll  pass on that. 
 We had our steak cut up for us and the grill was changed on every round. 
 We still ended up leaving with the smoke stench. 
 It was all worth it though. 


A couple of minute flaws was that we never got our beverages. 
 That was a good thing because I'm eliminating sodas from my daily drinks . 
 I see where that could have been a problem. 
 They do give you water on arrival so it's not like we were choking. 
 Next would be napkins. 
. 
. 
 we only got one each. 
 Peter quickly got us some though when I asked him. 
 Other than that we had a great lunch. 
 I can't wait to go back. 
 

Upon receiving our check. 
. 
. 
 a cute scoop of ice cream is given. 
 Perfect end to an awesome lunch. 
 
Parking is plenty. 
 maybe the weekends it could be a problem . 
 we slid right into a spot. 


FIVE STARS . 
. 
. 
 :)


Meats: bulgogi. 
 beef belly. 
 spicy pork. 
 short ribs. 
 veal intestine. 
 garlic pork . 
t. 
 I suggest trying all signature items. 
 . 
 these were my favorites. 

I also loved the side dishes. 
 especially the fish cakes and the radish wraps. 
 MORE PLEASE. 
. 
. 


Lots of parking. 

FYI- women's restroom is on the left lol
Servers have been so accommodating both times. 
 5 stars for them. 
. 
. 

MR. 
 BBQ over GEN anyday. 
 . 
 Gen is a close second haha

Please open up a location in San Jose :(




The genuine happiness on the staffs faces while singing happy birthday was a sight to see. 
 The whole restaurant turns into a mini party with a conga line parading through the aisles. 
 

The wait my first time here was an hour and a half. 
 My second visit here the wait was 30minutes even though the hostess stated 1 1. 
2 hours. 
 Realistically you will be waiting a significant amount of time for  a great Korean BBQ experience. 


I enjoy going to this place. 



The meat is good quality . 
 they also have a variety of sauces if you need more flavor. 
 I think they offer the best variety of ban chan (the side dishes) and you can also ask for tofu soup or steamed egg. 
 You also get free ice cream after your meal 

The wait can be long so hop over to the bar next door while you wait. 
 the buzzers reach to the bar so you'll know when your table is ready 

NOTE: they make the entire staff sing for you on your birthday


+ Beef Belly was probably my favorite 
+ The beef tongue was a close second 
+ Their steamed egg is way better than most KBBQ. 
 It's actually seasoned well. 

+ Their beef brisket lacked flavor
+ They have a huge selection of banchan. 

+ They give complimentary ice cream at the end of your meal
+ Our waiter was super nice and attentive. 
 always changing the grills. 


Valet is $1. 
 Or you can park a couple streets down in a neighborhood for free. 



You belong at Cham Sut Gol with your poor attitude and service. 
 

5 stars for the quality meat. 
 atmosphere. 
 and experience. 
 (Except for Chris. 
 bro you need to smile more. 
 wake up from your hangover. 
 or call out sick next time you wanna bring all your bad energy to the tables)


(MRAs and feminists. 
 please feel free to send me plenty of hate mail for whatever reason you see fit. 
 I feed off your negative energy)

I'm going to be honest with you all. 
 I enjoyed this place. 
 . 
 not to the extent that it should be considered the 27th best restaurant in the country (according to Yelp. 
 which is grain of salt incarnate). 
 The only real standout here was the service. 
 which was excellent without even needing a bell system to call for people. 
 We were always attended to in the best way. 


What you ultimately get is a pretty good selection of meats for a higher price than you find elsewhere. 
 Nothing was bad. 
 . 
 there was no high quality meat here that would blow any other KBBQ place out of the water. 
 I suppose you might get something a bit more transcendent if you went for the super premium menu. 
 with the filet mignon and scallops. 
 . 
 at over $30 per person it seems excessive. 


The wait was a bit long. 
 They do their best to accommodate with plenty of seating in the foyer and playing cards. 
 . 
 it doesn't change the fact it was a bit of a wait. 


Oh. 
 while I'm on the subject of the foyer. 
. 
. 
the bathrooms. 
 I was able to figure out which was men and women because I knew the symbols (the circle and t and circle and arrow). 
 But if you don't know those symbols have fun guessing. 
 It doesn't specify any other way. 
 I think that might even be a violation in regards to accessibility. 
 since blind customers would have no way of determining (no blue triangle and circle signs to help you out). 
 But then I'm not with code enforcement. 


It's not the best thing ever (certainly not deserving of best in the country). 
 . 
 it's decent if you're in the area and don't mind waiting. 
 I would by no means go out of my way to hunt it down though. 




The food is good. 
 Service is good. 
 I really like how hot gaeran jjim and dong chimee gooksoo are on the menu. 


But two and a half hour wait. 
. 
. 
 Really?????? I ended up eating around 9:30PM- usually the time that I'm in bed. 
 

They do this dancing glow stick light rave thing if it's your birthday where the servers come and dance around you. 
 It's fun to watch the first time. 
 . 
 they did it like six times back to back. 
 And I got nauseated. 







Great QUALITY selection of premium meats & seafood. 

Good tasting Soju mixes. 

Very attentive service. 

Ice cream at the end. 


This AYCE KBBQ joint is on point and worth the wait. 



The wait did take around 80 minutes. 
 If you go during a popular time. 
 be prepared to wait. 
 What really impressed me about Mr. 
 BBQ was the amount of side dishes. 
 service. 
 and the grill. 
 They have the largest selection of sides I have ever seen at a KBBQ. 
Korean restaurants. 
 The servers were good at refilling and asking if we needed anything refilled (or any extra meat ordered). 
 The grill was fantastic. 
 we did not need to change it at all. 
 The server came by one time to wipe it with a radish to get some of the excess oil. 
 and it was ready for another grilling. 


The downside is the cuts of meat. 
 We ordered brisky. 
 ribs. 
 pork . 
t. 
 and versions of pork belly. 
 Sometimes we would get one piece of good pork belly and another piece of poorly cut pork belly. 
 The slices of meat was hit or miss. 
 I also ordered a steamed egg. 
 I love steamed egg. 
 . 
 there was a weird taste to it. 
 I couldn't put my finger on the flavor. 
 . 
 the steamed egg was not finished. 


Service was great. 
 especially when they came around to change out the grill frequently. 
  Only downside was the nasty bathroom. 
. 
  Food was good. 



Great service. 
yummy meats. 
 after the long wait and limited parking. 
 so its worth it in the end. 





My favorite meat is always brisket. 
 It was really good here and not chewy. 
 The pork belly was a little too chewy and had a lot of fat in it though. 
 But the rest of the meat were delicious. 
 At the end of the meal. 
 you have the option to get complimentary ice cream. 
 You have to order it from them though instead of self serve like other kbbq. 



What a perfect meal. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ knows what they're doing. 
  #somuchYES

You should expect to pay over $20 dollars though since it is one of the upscale KBBQ spots out there. 
 Service is fast and they exchange your grill quickly too. 


Meat selection is abundant. 
 They will have your usual brisket. 
 bulgogi. 
 and pork belly. 
. 
. 
 to more unusual items like beef tongue. 
 squid and intestines. 
 I recommend trying the rib finger meat. 
 chuck steak. 
 and pork neck if you are into trying new items. 
 Tofu stew. 
 steamed egg. 
 and rice is included at no extra charge. 


Ambient is a little loud in here. 
 They usually play a popular sporting event on their TVs. 
 There is usually a wait. 
 especially on weekends. 

Celebrate your birthday here and you'll be in for a surprise. 




There's a large variety of banchan that they give out. 
 and the salad is a lot better than most KBBQ places because of the addition of carrots and daikon in it. 
 Service was superb and quick. 
 A busser came to take our drink orders because the server was busy. 
. 
 nice teamwork to not keep the guests waiting. 


The meat quality is really good. 
. 
 the steak was tender and the brisket we got had pretty nice marbling. 
 The bulgogi marinade was delicious. 
 The only bad thing we had was pork neck. 
. 
 it was really dry. 
 The inside is clean. 
 well lit. 
 and colorful. 


The service really stood out to me here. 
. 
 our server made sure we had meat to grill all the time. 
 as well as making sure we had enough water and salad. 
 There's also a fun thing the servers do to celebrate people's birthdays. 
 however it gets annoying after a couple times and the servers don't really look too enthuastic about having to take part since they are so busy. 


Overall. 
 I'd say this is the best AYCE KBBQ in OC. 
 although not the best in SoCal. 
 Would definitely recommend this place to everyone. 



I was in a rotten mood when we sat down for dinner because we literally waited an 1. 
15 minutes on a week night. 
 I can't imagine how bad weekends are for this place. 
 I'm too scared to find out. 
 As for the quality of the meat. 
 it is very good. 
 The brisket was some of the best I've had in a long time and the pork belly crisped up to perfection. 
 We even tried some of their marinated meat and while it wasn't as good. 
 it was still quit tasty and it went along nicely with all the side dishes that came with our meal (and there were A LOT of side dishes). 
 At the end of our meal. 
 our server brought us some complimentary ice cream that cleaned up our palette and gave us a nice. 
 sweet finish. 
 It was really an enjoyable meal. 
 

For $24. 
 this isn't a meal that I would frequent . 
 for those days when I just want to stuff myself with meat. 
 I would say that Mr. 
 BBQ will get the job done and do it well. 
 The only downside is that wait. 
. 
. 
. 
 it just might be worth waiting for. 
 5. 
5


Parking: I say it was a small little parking space. 
 I even go the car to put our name down while my sister went to park. 
 In the end. 
 she got cool parking . 
 it did take her a good couple minutes. 
 More parking in the back though?

Wait: Not too bad of a wait. 
 20 mins for a Sunday afternoon after church and poppin' hours. 
 They have this really convenient wait area with games and tables and chairs situated next to restroom. 
 I thought it made the wait nice because we could still chill and sit down and play cards and run to the restroom before we sat down. 


Service: Awesome. 
 We had a very tentative waiter that came by a lot. 
 checked up on us. 
 comical. 
 and great attitude. 
 he definitely made my first experience there a one to remember because he was so cool and helpful. 
 Went the extra effort and got us extra ice cream when i told him it was my sisters bday. 


FOODS: Great. 
 Great quality. 
 yummy. 
 great marinades. 
 and evenly chopped for even cooking. 
 The flame on our grill went out a few times . 
 our waiter was so chill he caught it every time. 
 

Overall good experience and would go again. 


Extra: When there is someone's bday. 
 the whole crew comes out to celebrate and the music starts getting poppin' and i was into and started to join in the celebration. 
 Too bad my sister was too shy so I didn't tell the staff it was her bday haha. 



Con: The wait. 
 Double dated here and we waited for 2 1. 
2 hours. 
 But that is probably because this place is amazing and a lot of people come here and take their time eating. 
 so I guess it's not much to complain about. 
 

Pro: A wide variety of quality meat and seafood. 
 The soju sampler was perfect for the 4 of us. 
 My favorite is the lychee soju. 
 It's so good and doesn't taste like alcohol. 
 which can be dangerous because you can easily get drunk off it. 
  The service was perfect. 
 Our waiter was always attentive. 
 not only to our table . 
 I also noticed he was attentive to other tables. 
 Constantly coming back for refills and asking if we need anything else. 
 I highly recommend this place. 
 

Happy Eating. 
. 




There was not a thing we didn't like right down to the dressing on the salad . 
. 
. 
 The meat had amazing flavor. 
 the octopus was nice and spicy. 
. 
. 


Highly recommend this place and would def come again . 
. 
. 



- Parking - sucks. 
 it gets busy and you will need to stay in your car until parking lot becomes available. 
  Thankfully. 
 as we pulled up. 
 a car left so I lucked out. 


- Waiting - yeah. 
. 
. 
 its part of the game. 
 . 
 waiting 90 minutes to eat is not worth it. 
. 
. 
 . 
 we waited because none of us tried here before and after waiting an hour. 
 whats extra 30 minutes?

- Options - higher price gives you access to other meat options. 
 which we all opted for. 
 . 
 personally. 
 it's not worth the price for the extra meats. 


recommend:
- beef belly(#3) &  Wagyu Nookgansal (#5)

would NOT recommend:
- Scallops - previously frozen. 
 it has odd taste. 
 only ordered it once. 

- Yangnyum Galbi (marinated beef short ribs) - not sure if we ended up on a bad day. 
 . 
 their galbi has more fat then meat. 

- filet Mignon - was tough to eat. 
 same with NY Strip Steak. 


If you are paying the $31. 
99. 
 then its worth trying all options. 
 . 
 honestly speaking the $24 will be fine for you. 



The food was delicious. 
 a great selection of beef to cook and the quality really did live up to their tagline of "premium Korean BBQ". 
 Get the miso soaked pork belly. 
 it is delicious. 
 The Ban Chan though. 
. 
. 
woah. 
 it was wonderful. 
 We love ban chan and always look forward to all the different dishes . 
 are often disappointed in the amount. 
 quality. 
 and diversity of the dishes. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ did not disappoint and they were happy to refill any of the dishes as we gobbled them up. 
 

The service was outstanding as well. 
 Not a single thing to complain about. 
 they were courteous. 
 professional. 
 friendly. 
 and attentive. 
 I only wish every restaurant I went to had the same level of service. 


Now here is the part that blew me away: the service for the kids. 
 If you are a parent of a young one read this: the kid's meal was brought out immediately upon us sitting down. 
 was in a tray with divided compartments. 
 they got a juice box. 
 and it was complimentary. 
 At the end of the meal we were all offered little cups of ice cream. 
 The server was so kind to our child and attentive of their needs that we nearly fell over. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ for this alone you have a customer for life. 
 

Parking can be difficult . 
 not impossible. 



Food was good. 
 I wasn't a fan of the pork . 
t . 
 that's just me. 
 I like the beef tongue and brisket. 
 The tofu soup was water down . 
 all the sides were delicious. 
. 
. 
. 
 

If it was your birthday they would turn this obnoxious happy birthday song on and come to your table with mask and dance around you. 
 It was funny . 
 got really annoying the 5th time around. 
 But hey it's different. 
 Great food and service and I was glad I didn't have to wait



Parking sucks. 
 Long wait. 
 Service was pretty good. 
 Their birthday celebration thing they do is kind of awkward & loud. 
  I wanted to give 3 stars because I don't really see myself coming here unless my friends want to go. 
 It's just too expensive. 
 But that's more of my preference and not the restaurant's problem so 4 stars it is haha. 





First off. 
 let's talk about the banchan. 
 There is a wide variety of banchan that they offer here. 
 much more than other AYCE places I have to say. 
 although I think that there isn't anything too out of the ordinary--nothing too special. 
 However. 
 each dish is solid and I would not complain. 
 since AYCE should focus on the meat anyway. 
 

Next. 
 the meat. 
 The cuts of meat are actually pretty decent and high quality as compared to other places. 
 Trying the different meats. 
 I would recommend:
- Premium Beef Belly (FOR SURE)
- Premium Marinated Pork Ribs
- Premium Marinated Choice Chuck

The rest of the meat were okay. 
 . 
 those were definitely ones that I found to be really great. 
 The sauce that comes with the meat also compliments it really well--it has a sweet sort of base. 
 which really pairs well with the savory cuts. 


To top it all off. 
 you get a complimentary bite-sized vanilla ice cream. 
 which is pretty good. 
 A nice creamy. 
 yet refreshing. 
 way to end your meal. 


Overall. 
 for the price of an AYCE place. 
 I would definitely say it's worth checking out. 
 Service was prompt. 
 food was quick. 
 prices were great. 



The service here is absolutely amazing and easily puts big chain KBBQ competitors like Gen to shame. 
 Yes. 
 you only have a 2 hour window to take advantage of their all-you-can-eat menus. 
 . 
 the staff is so attentive that you'll be full before time's up. 
 Little proactive gestures go a long way like volunteering to cut up your meat. 
 giving extra servings of the first banchan dishes to run out. 
 and shaking your water pitcher intermittently to see if it needs to be refilled or not. 
 And if it's your birthday the staff will totally call you out and do the Harlem Shake (https:. 
. 
www. 
youtube. 
com. 
watch?v=4hpEnLtqUDg) around your table. 
 

What's the price for such attentive service? A really long wait. 
 You can be looking at 30 minutes to an hour if you don't get here within the first hour of opening time. 
 It is nice that in the waiting room there are several tables with simple board games and decks of playing cards to help whittle the time away. 
 . 
 try to come here early. 
 

As for the food itself. 
 we've tried both dinner menus. 
 The $23 menu comes with 29 items of meat and soup while the $30 menu adds 9 "premier" items to the original menu. 
 including filet minion. 
 beef short ribs. 
 and various types of steak. 
 If it's your first time I'd advise going with the cheaper menu since there's no fathomable way you'll be able to sample the entire menu in one sitting. 
 Big home hitters include the chadol brisket. 
 the fingerlings. 
 and the Mr. 
 BBQ marinated sirloin. 
 The $30 menu adds some variety if you've already been here before. 
 . 
 I wouldn't say the extra 9 dishes are significantly better than the other standard entrees--in general they're all pretty good. 
 Save room for dessert too. 
 as they bring everybody a free round of ice cream with the check. 
 

Gen please take notice. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ gets KBBQ right. 



here is why:
steamed egg:  bland
chadol:  bland
mr. 
 bbq:  bland 
pork belly:  bland
everything we ate:  bland

yes. 
 everything we ate were severely underseasoned. 
  granted. 
 i much prefer a low sodium diet . 
 seriously?  everything was saltless. 
  i had to douse every protein in the sesame oil salt to give it flavor. 
  

service was also not what i remembered. 
  it was extremely passive. 
  and not to mention the "birthday" show is just beyond awkward because the employees lack enthusiasm and they're waving around glow sticks and blowing horns only because that's a job requirement. 


and did i mention the temperature inside the restaurant was almost as hot as a bikram studio?  i don't know how many bottles of iced waters we drank. 
 . 
 because it was just that hot in the restaurant we were meat sweating down our balls and dying. 


anyways. 
 it was utterly disappointing and i am officially breaking up with mr. 
 bbq. 
  won't be driving out to fullerton to see you again. 
 long distance just isn't convenient anyways. 
  peace. 



Definitely will come again. 
. 
. 
. 
also. 
. 
. 
#12 on the best restaurants in the USA. 
. 


Cool bar area in the back in case you want to chill. 
 
Trendy looking interior. 
 Lots of space. 
 Large overhead fans. 
 Lots of TVs so you wont miss the game. 
 Friendly staff. 
 Lots of meat varieties and seafood as well. 
 Ribeye and filet were incredibly delicious. 
 

Cons: Long wait if you come in the evenings and especially on a weekend. 
 If you have a large party. 
 you must have every in your party be present before they seat you. 
 18% gratuity already included on your bill. 
 $32 ayce dinner is a bit pricey. 
 

The steak was delicious and since it's ayce. 
 I kept ordering it. 
 After my third steak. 
 our waiter disappeared for nearly half an hour without any warning. 
 He was extremely nice . 
 when he was around. 
 The other waiters and waitresses were busy with other customers so it was difficult to keep flagging them down. 
 It took forever to get a refill on water. 
 My Sis ordered soup and we had to remind them two additional times about it. 
 After nearly 45 minutes they finally brought it out so we had to ask for a to-go container for it. 
 

Could easily be a 5star if the service improves. 



Long story short. 
 this place lives up to the hype. 


Not going to lie. 
 the dinner prices are pricey. 
  I paid about $35 for just myself. 
  However. 
 the quality and variety of meats you get are unmatched. 
  They have delicious treats such as wagyu short ribs. 
 filet mignon. 
 scallops. 
 and beef tongue to name a few. 
  The wagyu short ribs are definitely my favorite as they are just the right amount of tender and juiciness. 
  

They have a decent selection of banchan (fish cake anyone?) and side dishes. 
  I always get the egg pot soup multiple times during the meal. 
  I am also an avid rice paper eater and theirs is dope AF. 
  Your korean bbq adventure here ends with a small scoop of ice cream. 
 which was vanilla flavored on Tuesday. 
  It tasted great and complimented the heaps of korean bbq in my stomach at that point. 


I highly recommend Mr. 
 BBQ as a high quality korean BBQ joint if you're looking to show your friend that came from out of town what true korean BBQ really is. 
  If you are low on cash. 
 I recommend other alternatives because this place is pricey. 
  

Where my wagyu fans at?. 



From the moment we walked in. 
 it was crowded so we were informed the wait was going to be 45 minutes. 
  The waiting area had tables with decks of cards you could play to help pass the time. 
  Once at our seats. 
 we ordered the premium all you can eat. 
 which was approximately $33 per person. 
  Worth every single penny if not more. 

The filet mignon was worth that price alone. 
  We didn't have a single item we ordered off of the menu that we could complain about. 
  Salmon. 
 scallops. 
 squid. 
 steaks. 
 you name it. 
 all were perfect. 
 We also got a carafe of mango. 
pineapple shots for only $15 and it was delicious. 


In regards to the atmosphere. 
 this place is FUN. 
 It's noisy. 
 busy with TV screens. 
 music. 
 people chattering away. 
 smoke and sizzling food from all the grills at each table. 
  We were there to celebrate my birthday. 
  They played in da club (go shorty it's your birthday) by 50 cent on the speakers and all the wait staff came out to our table singing along and cheering me. 
 I got yummy ice cream and candles to blow out. 
  I could not stop laughing. 
  

The waiters are awesome. 
. 
. 
 They all pretty much work together to make sure every table is well taken care of. 
  The manager came by and asked how our evening and meal was at the end of our dinner and thanked us for being there as well as wishing me a happy birthday. 


This was an all around wonderful experience. 
  We cannot wait to go back. 
  My husband is planning on having his annual company party at this place he loved it so much. 
  Thanks to everyone there for making our dining experience such a fun and scrumptious one. 
. 
. 


. 
 it was easy parking and not too busy. 


The side dishes were good and the servers refilled them whenever we asked. 


I was content with the meat. 
 I recommend the beef belly. 
 They also give you hot sauce if you ask for it. 


The soon tofu was whatever. 
 But the bean stew was pretty good. 


The waitress was awesome. 
 As soon as we got there she brought extra side dishes and rice paper without us even saying anything. 




Personally. 
 I really like this place. 
 The wait on a Thursday night was around an hour to an hour and a half for a party of seven. 
 They have a separate bar. 
lounge restaurant type area in the back where you can hang out and get drinks while waiting. 
 Keep in mind you have to close the tab before heading back to the main restaurant. 


This is a great place for birthdays. 
 let them know it's your birthday and they will blast music. 
 after the music is done a crowd of workers will come over signing happy birthday in the most hilarious rave like fashion- EPIC. 
 TOTALLY COOL. 


In terms of the food. 
 I'm primarily a brisket person. 
 The brisket was delicious. 
it had the right amount of fat to give it a lot of flavor. 
 I got various other cuts of beef. 
 all of which were really flavorful. 


One of the charms of Mr BBQ is that they have good service. 
 The best service I have gotten at AYCE. 
 We didn't have to hunt anyone down. 
 they just kept coming for the most part. 


Putting all good things aside. 
the biggest cons for this establishment is that parking is a bit weird. 
 When my party came. 
 the whole parking lot was valet. 
 It's $2 to valet. 
 That's a bit odd because last time I checked this was Fullerton. 
 If you find yourself trapped in the parking lot . 
 just bust a U and park on the street where it's free. 
 Don't think of it as cheap . 
 . 
 think of it as a nice walk to walk off all the food you just ate. 



It was super busy . 
 we were fortunate to have two servers helping our table out. 
 JT and KEV. 
 Always smiling and super chill Asian guys who were always asked us if we needed anything. 
 suggested recommendations. 
 cutting our meat. 
 and they were just very conversational. 
 

I don't remember the server we had last time . 
 he definitely didn't give us the experience that these two guys gave us. 
 My German friend was like "wow. 
 that was the best service I received in America. 
 Why were they so nice and hospitable?" 

Long story short. 
 they made our day despite it being super busy. 
 The meat was excellent. 
 And they definitely made up for the service we received before. 
 I will definitely be recommending this place to my friends that come to visit. 
 

BEST BBQ PLACE IN SO CAL. 



Also can't forgot the exceptional service that we had from our server. 
 He was always their to help us and always checked to see if we needed anything. 



Great service. 
 great quality. 
 and great price. 


Let me just put it out there that I LOVE KBBQ. 
 I've been to a couple locations already and this location is by far my favorite. 
 

Lunch: It's about $14. 
99 per person and you have a wide selection of meats to choose from. 
 I know they just recently discontinued the steamed egg during lunch time which is a bummer. 
 . 
 understandable. 
 At some KBBQ restaurants the banchan options are very limited during lunch time. 
 . 
 at Mr. 
 BBQ they still have a pretty big selection whether you visit during lunch or dinner. 
 They usually have a buy one drink get one drink 50% off during lunch time Monday through Thursday. 
 

Dinner: For $22. 
99 you can have a premium selection of meats to choose from or you can pay $19. 
99 for just the regular dinner selection. 
 which is still a pretty big list. 
 Their banchan selection is typically larger during dinner time. 
 

Service: Always great. 
 never had an issue. 
 Employees here are always willing to refill you drinks. 
 bring new meats. 
 or even cut the meat for you. 
  

If there's a birthday. 
 don't forget to let them know. 
 They play a birthday song and dance all around the birthday guest with fun props. 


And yes. 
 they do have sections that are large enough for large parties. 
 They also play different sport games. 
 even CSUF games. 



Read some reviews on Yelp and I 'm glad I checked out this place. 
 Went here for lunch which runs about $20 a person with drinks. 
 I heard dinner is even better (choice-wise). 
 Lunch was no wait around 12:30 pm during the weekday. 
 Although. 
 around 1:30 PM . 
there were quite a few people waiting. 
 Maybe class got out (near Fullerton colleges). 


We chose the following:

1. 
 Sirloin (Deungshim). 
 ----  Very Tasty. 

2. 
 Teriyaki Chicken (Daak Bulgogi) --- Very Tasty. 

3. 
 Pork Belly (Saamgyupsal ---- Yuck. 

4. 
 Spicy Pork (Maewoon Bulgogi) --- Great. 

5. 
 Pork Chop ---- Ok. 
 not a big pork chop fan
6. 
 Mussells (Hoenghab) ----- Average
7. 
 Baby Squid (Hanchi) ----- Average

and Yes. 
 I got the names off my receipt. 
 Ha. 
 You also get a ton of little sides with your meal. 


Service here is: BEYOND EXCEPTIONAL. 
. 
 Our server Tim did an awesome job as well as his supporting cast. 
 I loved the fact that they were changing out our grill consistently so we didnt get the charred taste from cooking the meats. 




The first time I visited. 
 I could totally see this place was poppin. 
 It was about an hour and a half wait. 
 The wait time was about the same the second time I went. 
 Definitely be prepared for the wait. 
 If you get bored and want to kill some time. 
 there's a nice little bar next door. 
 Or you can just wait inside where they have a few tables and sitting areas. 
 

Our server. 
 Nick was super nice and helpful to me and my friends. 
 Really speedy service even though it was so busy. 
 

The quality and selection of meat was amazing. 
 It does not compare to those other chain KBBQ places. 
 I recommend the brisket. 
 pork belly. 
 and pork . 
t. 
 The steamed egg is also really good. 



We went on a saturday afternoon-ish. 
 and it was PACKED. 
 a 45 minute wait. 
 . 
 they had playing cards. 
 and UNO in the waiting area. 
 so the 45 minutes flew by. 
 :) 

The wait staff is awesome. 
 all of them. 
. 
. 
 They are attentive. 
 and friendly. 
 and always around. 


The food. 
 is honestly THE best Korean BBQ I've ever had. 
 As if the All you can eat for $23. 
99 isn't enough. 
 they have a premium one for $31. 
 Take my word for it. 
 and get that. 
 you won't regret it. 
 The meats that are included in there are no joke. 
 and are of serious premium quality. 
 

The Filet Mignon was simply amazing. 
 and so was every cut of meat they presented. 
 I guess I should've yelped some pictures of some of the other meats. 
 because when we asked for the Rib Eye. 
 and the New York strip. 
 we thought it would be a small portion like everything else. 
 na-uh. 
 a friggin' 12 oz steak. 
 those alone could've been the whole meal. 
 

Personally. 
 I would've preferred a smaller portion of those cuts. 
 so that we can order. 
try other meats. 
 . 
 we were super stuffed. 
 So keep that in mind. 
 and see if you can order half a portion of those meats. 
. 
. 
 

The octopus. 
 Alaskan Salmon. 
 and the Scallop were the seafoods that we had. 
 and they were all super good. 


Definitely going back to try out some of other stuff we missed out on. 
 
Oh. 
. 
. 
 and if you have any plans after wards. 
 I would recommend you take a change of clothes. 
 or a portable shower. 
 because you're gonna smell like serious BBQ. 
 :)



Won was our server on a Tuesday night and he handled our party of 8 (three kids. 
 five adults) with such ease. 
 He was smiles every time he passed by and was willing to accommodate any of our requests. 
 

We got a variety of meat: thick pork belly. 
 thin pork belly. 
 steak. 
 brisket. 
 and I forget which other ones. 
. 
 All of them were great. 
 though. 
 Especially dipped in the sesame oil mixed with salt. 
 Yum. 
 Won also brought out kid plates that had the banchan in separate compartments on the plate. 
 Nice touch. 


We finished the meal with complimentary green tea ice cream. 
 Can't wait to return. 





At least they have a bar in the back where you can grab some drinks and apps to kill the time. 
 The valet also let's you know how long the wait is going to be before he parks your car. 
 (Valet is $1). 


The quality of the food is very good for AYCE KBBQ. 
 Some of my favorites were the pork belly. 
 brisket. 
 and short rib. 
 The servers seemed so stressed out. 
 Maybe they need a little more help. 
 Service overall is just okay. 


Overall. 
 very good. 
 and I'd definitely come back. 
 The wait is so scary though. 



The meat quality here is good compared to places like college-student-low-budget Red Castle or Cham Sut Gol. 
 And you get dessert after as well. 
 I went during lunch hours so the price was about $16. 
 . 
 trust me. 
 it's so worth the money. 
 

Service: Fantasic. 
 You're lucky if you get Patrick. 
 
Cleanliness:  Just as great as the service
Food: Less fat on the meat. 
 You get what you pay for. 
 

Would I come here again? Most definitely. 
 My overall exoerience here for the first time was great



You have two choices the regular $21. 
99 and deluxe meat $31. 
99. 
 with the big pull being the really legit kalbi. 
 In the end I like everything on the regular $21. 
99 menu a little more than the $31. 
99 just because those are the meat potatoes dishes. 
 I mean if I love steak and ordered 2-3 plates of those it'd make sense to go with the expensive one. 
 . 
 how can you say no to brisket?

I order the peach soju slushie and it was delish as expected. 
 Great place to bbq and beer. 
 definitely my new favorite ayce. 
 on the level or slightly even better than Kang hodang baekjeong quality wise. 
 It was that good. 


Service was dedicated waiters rather than the zone defense most ayce places employ. 
 so the personal touch is nice. 
 and the slower pace makes a comfortable dinning experience. 
 Definitely would go back. 



Went on a weekday during lunch time so there was no crowd and the meal was cheaper being $15 for the lunch special. 
 

Service was really good. 
 Everyone was nice and attentive. 


Banchan (side dishes) here are plentiful. 
 They give yoy so many small dishes to start out with. 
 The down side of this is that they didn't taste too good. 
 For example. 
 the kimchi and cucumbers were bland. 
 I like kimchi to be deep red and flavorful. 
  This can even be seen in the tofu soup. 
 it tasted like it was watered down or similar to the broth made from instant noodle packets. 


For the meat. 
 I don't know if it was just a bad day . 
 the quality was lacking. 
 Most of the meat turned out dry. 
 There was also a BUNCH of oil splatter from the grill to the point where the surrounding surface had a layer of grease by the end of it all. 
 Hot grease also would pop up enough to reach your arms. 
face. 
 

Really wanted to like this place because of all the positive reviews. 
 Maybe it was just an off day. 



As for the service. 
 everyone was so friendly. 
 Our server was so nice and she brought us everything out without us even asking. 
 She constantly refilled our brisket sauce and baanchan. 
 I'm a server too and I really really appreciated the great customer service she provided. 
 

I'm definitely going to be coming here everytime we do a Disney trip. 
 It sucks cause we definitely don't have a place half as good as Mr. 
 BBQ back in the bay. 
 Already looking forward to our next trip down to socal. 



They honestly possess top notch customer service. 
 (Shout out to B Yi and Brian. 
 I think those were our servers lol. 
 They were awesome. 
) The servers are constantly changing our grills. 
 cutting our meat. 
 having convos with us. 
 and quickly delivering our orders. 
 I like their bright red uniforms as they are easy to spot. 


Birthdays seems so festive here. 
 They play a special birthday song on the stereo so the whole restaurant can hear it. 
 Then the workers surround the table with horns and lights. 
 So fun. 
 

Large waiting room with Jenga and other games. 
 The lines do get pretty long so this is CLEVER af. 
 In addition. 
 FREE WIFI. 
 
 
Meat: YOU MUST TRY SHORT RIBS & TERIYAKI CHICKEN. 
 I enjoyed my steak and maaan it was HUGE. 
 The brisket and beef belly were a bit on the chewy side . 
 it's probably because we didn't cook it enough. 
 

Sides: Potato salad. 
 tomato-sauce like with potato. 
 salad. 
 fish cake. 
 egg soup. 
 These were my fav. 
 Not to mention. 
 ICE CREAM at the end :D

Parking: Very very small. 
 Try the residential areas?

I rarely give 5 stars . 
 this place definitely deserves it. 
 Come here. 
 You will not regret. 




Portions of the side dishes are smaller than most. 
 . 
 in a way it's less wasteful. 
 It was the most American banchan spread I've seen. 
 . 
 they still had standard spinach. 
 angel hair. 
 excellent kimchi. 
 and japchae. 
 Meat quality is fairly good-once again. 
 one of the best I've had in OC. 
 Service is excellent and although the speed of meat slowed a bit after our first hour or so. 
 they still kept track of our multiple meat orders and were quick to change the grills. 


However. 
 their bean paste soup sucked so badly that I don't even know how to explain it. 
 It was definitely an attempt at some fusion bean paste soup that failed pretty badly. 


We had a la cart food from the lunch menu which still came with banchan. 
 Loved it. 





For the price this place is a real bargain. 
 The meats are top  notch. 
. 
. 
 Service was excellent. 
. 
. 
 We never had to ask them to stop by. 
. 
. 
 We didn't even ask for refill ban chan. 
 they remembered what was out on our table and refilled for us. 
 Meats are exactly as described. 
. 
. 
 premium all the way. 
 The friendly server gave us excellent recommendations on which meats to order from the extensive menu and our only regret was that we didn't have more people to order and try additional items. 
 Our little bellies was only able to try 6 meats along with the steamed egg and spicy tofu soup (both included in the $23. 
99 PAYCE menu). 
 I was so impressed with the $23. 
99 selection that I'm actually curious what meats are offered for $27. 
99. 
 It seemed like the $23. 
99 PAYCE menu was more than sufficient and it kept us quite satisfied. 
 They didn't even bother with offering us rice so it was a protein packed dinner with little servings of ban chan. 
 I would have to say that these meats were the best I've had at any KBBQ joint. 


At the end. 
 they give you a small scoop of ice cream. 
 The dinner was actually a great deal at $23. 
99 pp. 
 it came out to approx $60 with tip for 2. 
 We would prob have paid more at a traditional KBBQ joints with less than premium meats. 
 We are def coming back. 
 This place deserves to be on Yelp's Top 100. 
 High fives all around. 
. 
. 
. 
. 



Came here for my sisters bday lunch on a Tuesday. 
 There was no wait and we were seated right away. 
 Soon as we sat they started preparing the feast lol. 
 And everyone from the host to our waitress were on it. 
 We asked our waitress Sam what would she recommend we start with. 
 Took her suggestion and we were happy we did. 
 Very exceptional and prompt service from her. 
 

We had a great time and will definitely be returning with more family members. 
 Thank you. 



Service here is great. 
 They're super fast and really attentive to all your needs. 
 especially about refilling any side dishes. 
 cleaning off empty dishes from your table. 
 and changing the grill. 


Next time. 
 I'm going to order half orders of all the meat dishes. 
 We didn't realize this was possible until near the very end of our meal. 
 That way. 
 we can try more of the different types of meat. 
 

Ask for garlic. 
. 
it's perfect when roasted alongside your meat. 


Birthday celebrations are a little annoying with all the yelling and hoopla . 
 I guess it's just what they do. 
 So if you're into more of a quiet. 
 more mature dining experience. 
 this isn't where you want to be. 
 But bring your kids and college kids. 
 It'll be their favorite. 



I have been to numbers of KBBQ places in the OC. 
 LA. 
 and 626 area. 
. 
. 
 and this place tops all of them. 
 I always try out other KBBQ spots and always go back to this one. 
 MUCH BETTER THAN GEN BBQ. 
 They always have perfect quality of meat. 
 Their rice paper is never dry. 
 The tofu soup is very flavorful and tasty. 
 

Every time I come here. 
 every worker provides great customer service. 
 They make sure you are always helped. 
. 
. 
from cutting your meat. 
 maintaining the right heating level. 
 changing your grill often. 
 and getting you all the food you need. 
 Minimal server attention grabbing. 
 Not only do the workers make sure you are satisfied with your meal. 
 they bond with you too. 



This place apparently only has tables of 6. 
 so the two of use were confused when we got to a table of 6. 
 . 
 the waiter said it was alright. 
 Started off with Brisket and pork belly with steamed egg. 


When we were here. 
 there was about 4-5 people who were celebrating their birthday. 
 The workers all gathered together and sang and dance around the birthday table. 
 

I liked this place and would love to come back. 
 . 
 probably during lunch time. 
 because lunch is only $15. 
99. 




It isn't the cheapest . 
 it is worth the price. 


Lots of banh chan. 
 meat is delicious. 
 you need to get the lychee souju. 
 service is great. 
 restaurant is clean. 


In the waiting room there are cards and games you can play. 
 You will need to wait to be seated this place is popular. 


Valet is $2 or you can park across the street in the residential area. 



I'm only giving them 4 stars because the wait time is ridiculous and the service was meh. 
 We were originally told it would be an hour. 
 well an hour and 45 mins later we were seated. 
 Once we were seated. 
 we already knew what we wanted so we ordered our meat and drinks right away. 
 well they got out the meat quickly . 
 I had to track someone down for our drinks. 
 With that said. 
 service was not the greatest and we were not checked on very often. 
 I don't know if this is normal for them or if it was just that busy. 
 

I wish I could remember what meat we had. 
 . 
 whatever it was it was delicious. 
 great size portions and lots of side dishes. 
 Also. 
 the side dishes weren't refilled unless once again we tracked someone down. 
 

I'll come back. 
 maybe for lunch when it shouldn't be as busy or hectic. 




Before I get to the meat. 
 one must comment on the noticeable high level of customer service here. 
 All servers are friendly and most importantly. 
 they do things like fill up water. 
 switch grills. 
 refill side dishes all without being asked. 
 I love that they have completely removed that feeling of being an inconvenience. 
 especially at an all you can eat place. 
 One thing they could probably tweak is the excitement level when it is someone's birthday. 
 When the lights dim and a crew of servers. 
employees come your direction. 
 you know there is something going on. 
 But I can't help . 
 notice (at times chuckle) at the people in the last part of the group who are either too scared to come out of their shell or are at the "I'm over this" feeling toward their job. 
 

There are menu sets. 
 cheaper and more pricey. 
 Go for more pricey if you see certain cuts of meat (like short rib) that's not on the regular menu. 
 On my last visit. 
 I had no concern that I didn't get my money's worth. 
 I was stuffed to the max. 


My faves of the meal were. 
. 
. 
 EVERYTHING. 
 Loved all the different cuts of meat they have here. 
 It seems the rib eye steak (yeah. 
 they just bring out a slab of steak) was a crowd pleaser. 
 Side dishes are plentiful. 
 Oh. 
 and did I forget they bring you out just the right size of ice cream to help you finish off your meal. 
. 
. 
 wow. 
 they got it down to a science on everything I could want in an ayce kbbq. 


P. 
S. 
 Valet is either $2 or $3 (recommended) and the wait on a weekend night seems to be +1 hr. 



- - ambience - -
honestly. 
 where can i start with this place? walking in. 
 it definitely reminds me of Gen or other kbbq places that can sorta look like a nightclub. 
 with the blue lights. 
 etc. 
 you definitely get a strong whiff of the meat smell when you walk into the restaurant. 


- - food - -
[[ beef tongue ]]
perfection. 
 thinly cut. 
 with just the right amount of meat per bite. 
 the texture was perfectly chewy. 
 just how i like my beef tongue. 
 dip in the sauces provided for an extra taste. 
 i had to order this multiple times because i just couldn't get enough. 


[[ marinated wagyu beef finger ]]
my absolute favorite. 
 whenever i go to a restaurant with beef finger. 
 i know i have to order it because it's juicy and chewy and deliciously marinated. 
 i absolutely loved this dish. 


[[ spicy marinated squid ]]
if you leave this on the grill for it to have a little char on the edges. 
 it makes it taste that much better. 
 i loved the spice that came with it. 
 adds a great texture to the constant meat texture that i was getting with the other dishes. 


[[ large intestine ]]
again. 
 adding different texture to the constant meat texture i was getting with the other dishes. 
 they give you two large pieces with each order and i like cooking this rather longer on the grill. 


[[ pork belly ]]
you have to leave this on the grill extra. 
 extra long so it gets that crispy pork snap. 
 the sauces really bring out the flavor of the pork belly. 
 also. 
 if you grill it longer. 
 it gets rid of a lot of the fat. 
 just make sure to dab off the oil before you eat it. 


[[ steamed egg ]]
i don't know why i thought this tasted so good. 
 i swear there was a different taste added to this steamed egg compared to other restaurants. 
 i was tempted to order a second one . 
 i knew i wouldn't be able to finish it. 


[[ sides ]]
i love that they give you so much sides. 
. 
 way way more than any other restaurant. 


- - service - -
Andrew was our server and definitely made my experience one of a kind. 
 he kept coming back to ask for refills on sides. 
 grill changes. 
 and more meat orders. 
 honestly. 
 he went above and beyond to make my experience excellent. 
 i'll definitely come back. 
 not only for the food. 
 . 
 for the great service. 




Their meats like chadol and rib fingers were so dry and tough. 
 
I only liked that they had draft beer including an ipa and stella. 

I hate how most authentic kbbq places only serve korean beers. 


Anyways all this changed recently when I went back a couple weeks ago. 

Their chadol was so good and the best was the steaks they had as a part of their premium ayce option. 

I regret not having more of both the steaks they offered. 
 They had a filet and ribeye. 

It was really really good. 
. 


The servers are young . 
 very helpful and quick. 


Oh another thing is that it gets loud in here. 

It's lively and young. 

There's alot of non asians that come here. 


We like to take parents to explore new restaurants and now that Mr. 
 BBQ is #27 of the top 100 places to eat in US by Yelp. 
 we decided to go for the experience. 
 Not the wait for 80 minutes experience. 
 I was referring to the yummy food. 
 Ok?. 

Once you passed the looonnggggg wait. 
 the food and the service were exceptional. 
 Jenny was our server and she was attentive and nice. 
 We didn't choose to have PAYCE (premium all you can eat) because our parents really eat like birds. 
 So we opted for the BBQ combo#1. 
 And we got to take the leftover home. 
 BTY. 
 they must just had a price increase. 
 The combo for 4 people listed online was $69. 
99. 
 the menu was showing $79. 
99. 
 The premium online was 27. 
99pp. 
 the menu was $31. 
99. 
 
The side dishes. 
 OMG. 
 I love the side dishes and they were generous on the refills. 
 So delicious. 
 You have to try them to believe me. 
 The 4 of us was only able to finish half of the meat. 
 We cooked the rest and took them to go. 
 We are going to have Mr BBQ left over for the entire week. 
 Woohoo. 



It is a little pricier than other places. 
 I think it's around $24 for the basic dinner AYCE. 
 They have pretty much the same items as every other AYCE place. 
 . 
 a few different items that I really enjoy-the beef belly and the miso pork belly . 
 Both marinades make the meat pretty tasty. 
 

I think this place is worth the wait. 
. 
. 
especially because there is a bar (The Back Room) connected to it so that you can hang out and get a drink to whet your appetite. 






What we got:
Banchans: they have so many. 
 Like 14 of them. 
 Potato salad. 
 mushrooms. 
 bean sprouts. 
 a tomato quarter. 
 broccoli. 
 kimchi. 
 daikon. 
 radish paper. 
 rice paper. 
 japchae. 
 cucumbers. 
 macaroni salad. 
 and more. 
. 
. 
I didn't enjoy their dipping sauces that much though. 


Premium Marinated Choice Chuck aka Bulgogi: I liked it. 
 . 
 I've always liked bulgogi. 
 It had a nice marinade on it. 
 we ordered this like maybe 3 times?

Premium Beef Belly: first time having beef belly at a kbbq place. 
 Thinly sliced and it cooked fast so that's all that mattered to me. 


Spicy Garlic Pork Butt: I wanted to try something different and no one liked it. 
. 
. 
so I'd skip this one. 


Spicy Marinated & Miso Marinated Pork Belly: these were a hit with the group. 
 Too bad it only comes with one piece at a time. 
 I'm not a big pork belly fan since to me it's just like bacon. 
. 
. 
. 
 these were good. 
 Especially liked the spicy marinated one. 


Beef Brisket: the first thing we always order since it's the quickest one to cook since we were all hungry. 
 Ordered this probably like 3 times too. 
 Can't go wrong with brisket. 


Spicy Housemade Tofu Soup: Not that spicy in my opinion and could have used more flavor because it was a little too bland. 


Housemade Steamed Egg: this was even worse than the tofu soup. 
 My BF started adding stuff to it to make it taste better. 
. 
. 


Vanilla Ice Cream: comes at the end of the meal in these little small cups. 
 Just ask the servers if you want more. 


Service:
It was very attentive in my opinion. 
 They were there to refill the banchans when we needed it. 
 . 
 sometimes it did take awhile for them to bring it back. 
 Meat items came out in a timely manner and they asked us if we wanted more once they saw we had no more uncooked meat plates. 
 They even sang and danced for people's birthdays. 
 Just tell your server. 



It's a pretty big restaurant which is great. 
  We didn't have to wait and we went around 3pm. 
  There is a waiting room in the front and they have seating and tables with games to keep you occupied and not think about how hungry are you. 
  The restaurant is pretty clean. 
 sanitize. 
 and very well decorated. 
        

My friends ate here a few months ago and took me here yesterday. 
  Let me tell you. 
 it was worth it. 
 

I had a very good experience overall. 
  The service was great. 
   Our waitress and waiter were very patience. 
 nice. 
 and they check up on you and ask if we need anything else. 
  

The food was yummy. 
  We ordered pork belly. 
 baby squid. 
 pork ribs. 
 mussel. 
 and brisket. 
  There wasn't too much fat on the meat (which is awesome). 
  The food also came out pretty quick which is awesome. 
   Also. 
 they have cute little vanilla ice cream at the end. 
  :)    

Will definitely be back for more. 



They had $1 valet on Saturday night. 
 The wait was indeed longggggggg. 
. 
 And that is why they have The Back Room. 
 We put our name down at around 7:30PM. 
 and went to the Back Room for some soju. 
 Sat at the bar and converse with some awesome bartenders. 
 Finally at 9PM. 
 our seats were ready. 
 At this point. 
 we weren't hangry . 
 on a nice buzz and ready to drown ourselves in meat. 


Great service. 
 Our meats came out fairly quickly after each order. 


High quality meat with nice marbling 

The meats were premium. 
 better than most places I've been to in orange county. 
 Chocalate chip icecream for dessert included. 


My only cons is that it's a bit of a drive from where i live and the wait. 



You have to get here early or you'll be waiting forever. 
 I've definitely had better kbbq elsewhere. 
 . 
 the vibe and atmosphere is pretty chill. 
. 
. 
probably why it's so popular as well. 


The meats were good. 
 . 
 the sides were very bland. 
 It's great that they give you a bunch of them. 
 . 
 quality is always better than quantity in my eyes. 
 Steamed egg was the worst steamed egg I've ever had. 
  I like how they give kids their own kid plate with sides and a juice box. 




Bulgolgi - it was flavorful and tender. 
 it had a nice marinade on it. 
 I think we ordered like 5 plates 

Beef belly - it was thinner than brisket. 
 cooked quickly. 
 and had a nice a flavor to it. 


Galbi - marinated and soft meat. 
 We ordered the galbi numerous times ^_^ 

Pork Belly - I  didn't really prefer the pork belly just because it was extremely fatty. 
 My friend said that it was chewy and they didn't even end up finishing it. 


Steak? - I had this steak one. 
 . 
 honestly I forgot the name. 
 It was soft. 
 juicy. 
 . 
. 
. 
 like really soft. 
 Our server recommended it and basically cooked it for us. 
 

I know I said that the meat was soft. 
 tender. 
 and juicy in a lot of the descriptions. 
 . 
 how else am I suppose to describe meat? I thought for AYCE it was a great deal. 
 

The environment was really fun as well. 
 The went around singing to tables. 
 if it was your birthday. 
 they make you stand up at your table and dance with them. 


** In note of parking: the place only has valet parking. 
. 
. 
 . 
 you can park in the neighborhood right next to it or there's metered parking along the side of the streets**

Meat quality was bomb. 
. 
. 
. 
i like pork belly brisket. 

End of the meal came with an ice cream. 
definitely will be back soon. 



Make sure you park in the front of the restaurant. 
 I accidentally parked in the back and when I walked in. 
 I saw the signs of no parking in the back and had to run out and move it. 


The service was nice and friendly. 
 very accommodating with our many requests. 
 
For your money. 
 the meat quality is pretty good. 
 Reflecting what you paid for. 
 Of course there was a lot of brisket. 
 and then thinly sliced beef belly was really bomb. 
 

I wouldn't say that there's anything too outstanding about this place. 
 comparable to Gen BBQ and others around the same price range. 
 However. 
 compared to some lower-priced priced places. 
 this place definitely has better meat quality. 
 

They also give you free ice cream at the end. 


The wait has never been too long for me. 
 Service has always been on point. 
 Some of the nicest servers here. 
 
The meat quality is great all around. 
 My favorite orders are probably the brisket. 
 steak. 
 and wagyu ribs. 
 The sides sometimes lack flavor. 
 . 
 other times they are really good. 
 Really no complaints here. 



The meat was really good. 
 I absolutely loved the short rib and the filet mignon. 
 The filet mignon was melt-in-your-mouth good and the short rib definitely tops the list for one of the best short rib I've ever had. 
 And I really can't forget the scallops. 
 They're really big and our group cook seared them to perfection. 
 When it comes to alcohol. 
 I'm not a huge drinker. 
 . 
 the lychee soju is a MUST. 
 It is soooo tasty. 
 And then at the end of our meal. 
 we all got little scoops of vanilla ice cream. 


Our service was really great. 
 Our server (Fung Bros*) was incredibly accommodating and joked around with us a bunch. 
 Throughout the whole night. 
 there were a BUNCH of birthdays and they'd announce it to the whole restaurant in song and light sticks and dance. 
 It was incredibly amusing to watch. 
 We had two March birthdays in our group and told our server separately (so we celebrated twice. 
) It was super embarrassing for our birthday girl and birthday boy. 
 . 
 the servers looked like they were enjoying it. 
 The birthday people got an ice cream that looked really good. 


Overall I had an awesome time with my friends. 
 and even though our bill came out to be pretty high. 
 I kind of regarded the price as a friendship tax because I had so much fun. 
 :)


STEPH JUDGEMENT: Quality and service are great . 
 be prepared for some noise. 



If there was anything to complain about for this place is the wait time. 
  But considering how good the food is here. 
 it's no wonder why this place had an hour and ten minute wait. 
  We certainly were not disappointed. 
  I couldn't tell you if this place is not busy. 
 . 
 I would certainly come back hoping that it would be less busy. 
  

We will definitely be back at this place when we are back in town. 





Service was friendly and attentive save one slip-up toward the middle of our meal when one order lapped the previous one. 
  Not a big issue though. 
 because all that matters in the end is the meat. 
  Speaking of which. 
 we tried a good number of options . 
 had quite a lot of brisket. 
 I noticed some plates of brisket tasted almost marinaded while others didn't. 
 . 
 this might just be an errant observation in the chaos of AYCE. 
  Anyway. 
 overall the meats ranged from okay to pretty darned good for this type of place. 
 and that merits five stars in my opinion. 


Would I want to try my luck at dinner?  Probably not. 
 especially after reading the waiting horror stories on Yelp. 
 . 
 I'd come back again the next time I really want to eat this much before noon. 
 and that happens pretty often. 



Only valet parking in their lot. 
 which is $2. 
 or you can park in the residential area. 
 We chose valet cause we hangry. 


FYI there is a bar in the back of the restaurant (literally THE BACK ROOM) if want to kill time - not a full bar. 
 . 
 decent booze and small plates. 
 The hostess informed us of it and that's where we spent our 2 hours. 
 After two rounds of drinks our buzzer went off. 
 and we went to Mr BBQ. 
 

We were seated and one thing I immediately liked is that they give a pitcher of water automatically - don't have to wait on your server to refill it. 
 Our server (I think his name was Luis. 
 I was buzzed) immediately brought out the banchan along with our steamed egg (oh. 
 and don't forget to get steamed rice. 
). 
 He filled our sauce dish with chili and said he would return once we picked our meats. 


We chose the beef tongue. 
 pork belly and brisket off the $23. 
99 dinner menu. 
 Beef tongue and brisket cook super fast. 
 pork belly not so much. 
  While halfway done cooking. 
 our server even offered to cut our pork belly for us. 
 Nice touch. 
 The other place we went just gave us the scissors. 


They give you three sauces: salt and pepper mix. 
 chili. 
 and an oily kind of sauce. 
 The brisket was marinated so well I didn't dip it in any of the sauces. 
 just had it with my egg and rice. 
 Always get the brisket. 


Our second round of meat was brisket. 
 beef tongue and shrimp. 
 The shrimp is okay. 
 . 
 the fact that its unpeeled made it hard to get the meat inside. 
 Took awhile to cook too. 


Since we went next door and had small plates while we waited our tummies were up to its full capacities. 
 They serve vanilla ice cream at the very end which was just as top notch as their meats were. 
 We split the bill and the amount came to about $30 with tip. 


 The food and the service were on point. 
 so I think we found our new KBBQ spot. 



Great quality and a wide variety of different types of meat. 
 However. 
 I do not recommend the scallops. 
 which came out frozen. 



I think there's a two-hour limit on the AYCE option. 
 which should be sufficient for everyone except the Joey Chestnut types. 
 About 90 minutes of gut-busting food gorging finished me. 
 . 
 I'll be back for more. 




* Parking is a struggle and the wait is veeery long (even on Monday nights) . 
 it's worth it. 



However the downside is that their prices for dinner sky rocket which is a big increase from their reasonable lunch price 

Overall great place and worth to keep going as your go to kbbq place



Unlike other spots. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ's staff offer great service and are attentive. 
 They have a lot of people on deck. 



I came here on a weekday with a few friends. 
 We were seated almost immediately after our party arrived and it got pretty packed thereafter. 
 I have the table setup. 
 It was 7 of us so we needed 2 grills . 
 they 2 grills were so far apart if felt as if we were two different parties. 
tables. 
 They have two options - regular and premium. 
 Premium is like $8 more . 
 you get to get Beef Tongue. 
 Filet Mignon. 
 Ribeye and other options. 
 The meat in general was average. 
 I tried to eat as many Fliet and Ribeye as I could to get my moneys worth. 
 What was pretty disappointing was the Beef Tongue. 
 Everything else - Brisket. 
 Pork Belly. 
 Galbi. 
 Bulgogi -  was average. 
 Service is a bit slow and they might miss whatever you order sometimes. 
 The plus side is ample parking + free ice cream in the end. 



I'd recommend the beef tongue. 


Our server was Awesome. 
 She always came to our needs. 

We came in a group of 15 and we all just didn't like how our table only had 2 grills. 
. 
. 
 

But overall experience was cool 

4 1. 
2 stars for only 2 grills :(
We always had to Over fill the grills. 
 With cooked and uncooked meat since there was so many of us :(


Our server Patrick was a self proclaimed meat expert. 
 I've never been able to say "oh well I kinda like this" and have him immediately start recommending other menu items that are similar. 
 There wasn't a single one of his recommendations that my party and I disliked. 
 He suggested the pork cheek and beef tongue and even brought out a tray of lemons. 
 jalapeos and garlic from the back for us. 
 This goes above and beyond any expectations I've ever had for this place and he singlehandedly is the reason why I'm coming back to this place and asking for him specifically every time. 



Stay away Friday-Sunday
Jammed pack. 
 College Crowd
(Will NOT FIND PARKING)
Had to wait 40 minutes for someone to leave. 
. 
 Yeah you can try parking across the street . 
 you risk getting your car towed'
So be extra aware of the street signs and the local businesses'
All that trouble and the Food 
wasn't even that good'
my stomach hurts just thinking of it. 

place is over hyped. 
. 

Costumer service was the only thing that was Excellent   
Won't find service like this at Disneyland haha. 
. 
  
saw two bus boys clean up a table of 12 in matter of seconds. 
. 
   
Disneyland employees will just stare at it for a while and determine when to clean it. 
. 
 
It's ok I work at Disney I can talk shit lol. 


My all time favorites for Korean BBQ is always the bulgogi. 
. 
. 
 It is thinly sliced marinated meat that melts in your mouth. 

The second favorite was the spicy chicken and then the runner-up was a teriyaki chicken. 

It is definitely a cool place to go celebrate one's birthday with a large group. 

On a side note. 
  expect to valet park your car because even though they have a large parking lot you have to pay regardless if you park or they park it for you . 
. 
. 
. 
their reason is that it's a "private lot". 
 The logic behind that response didn't make sense at all since it's a restaurant with a parking lot  not a parking lot for event parking. 




It will be a little more expensive than what I'm used to. 
 . 
 with the high price comes high quality meat and a good environment. 
  You can order beer towers and soju. 
 and the banchan is amazing. 
  You get around 10 banchan dishes to accompany your meats. 
  This is also the most side dishes I've ever had at KBBQ. 
 

The place is always busy. 
 the parking lot is small and at some points they valet when it gets crowded. 
  There are long waits normally . 
 we've come early to beat the dinner crowd. 
  

It's in Fullerton so it's far for me. 
 . 
 well worth the good times we've shared here. 
  Really great KBBQ food and drink and service all around. 
  They do a great job. 



My only complaint is they don't clean their shrimp of the vein which is kinda gross . 
 seems to be standard at KBBQ spots. 



The service was insanely friendly. 
 They were very attentive even on a busy Saturday. 
 They seem to have dedicated people to monitor banchan. 
 your grill cover. 
 your drinks. 
 etc. 
 I noticed their grill covers are higher quality than the ones at Koreana. 
 as stuff wasn't instantly stuck onto them. 
 

They also had a huge variety of meat. 
 We had the Portuguese Hawaiian sausage. 
 brisket. 
 bulgogi and teriyaki chicken Everything we tried was incredible. 
 Next time. 
 I definitely want to get a tower of beer. 
 If it's your birthday. 
 prepare for ridiculousness. 
 They play the birthday song at full volume and dance around with glow sticks. 
 It looked like fun. 
 Definitely give this place a try. 
 It's very high quality and the service is amazing. 



Whenever we ordered more meats or extra sides. 
 it was brought out fast. 
 Never had to wait a long time. 
 

Oh & there is so many banchans. 
. 
 

I will definitely be coming to this place a lot more now. 
 Mmmmmm I love kbbq. 



For $20. 
99USD dinner price. 
 we were able to get the PAYCE (premium all you can eat) which included quite an array of different meats. 
 usually the most popular. 
 with additional options of squid. 
 soondobu. 
 and steamed egg (gyeran jjim or ). 
 Delicious. 
 Topped the meal off at the end with vanilla ice cream. 


Other pluses: big bathrooms. 
 draft beers that were more than domestic or Asian. 
 attentive service. 
 Minuses. 
. 
. 
 Just the grill was a bit strange. 
 it was probably the newest thing. 
 . 
 I felt like the cooking process was lost on some of the flavor because it all just dripped away without letting it cook with like on the traditional style pans. 
 I mean overall this place really can't be beat even though the wait was about an hour on a Sunday night. 
 I will be back. 



Thank you Brian or Breezy for your excellent service. 
 He always refilled our sides. 
 asked how we're doing. 
 cooked our meat. 
 smiled. 
 and was polite. 
 This guy deserves a raise. 
 haha. 
 Overall. 
 everything was great and I will definitely come back ~


Mr. 
 BBQ fulfills all the KBBQ staples. 
 The choices vary. 
 ranging from the basic brisket to the more "exotic" pig cheek. 
 The meat is marbled beautifully and the portions aren't half bad. 
 As for banchan. 
 here is their selection:

-Chapchae
-Corn
-Potato salad
-Kimchi
-Kimchi flavored potato
-String beans
-Broccoli
-Radish paper (not really banchan)

So kick back. 
 drink a couple shots of soju and enjoy the welcoming atmosphere that Mr. 
BBQ strives to maintain. 





This restaurant is a little bit pricier than most of the K-town AYCE KBBQ places with the lowest tier of their dinner menu being priced at $22. 
99. 
  They have a lot of great options though. 
 which include beef tongue. 
 wagyu short rib finger meat. 
 Polynesian sausage. 
 beef belly. 
 several types of pork belly. 
 whole steaks. 
 squid. 
 shrimp. 
 brisket (and I could seriously go on). 
  I really enjoyed the quality of the meat at this KBBQ location. 
  It's good. 
 and the meat is better than other places. 
 . 
 I guess you really do get what you pay for. 
  

Beware though. 
 it's quite crowded here and the wait time varies from 30 mins to 2 hours. 
 especially at peak times. 
  Sometimes. 
 you'll also see empty tables. 
 . 
 that's probably just because they want to make sure the staff has enough time to provide stellar service to their guests. 
  The meat comes our fairly quickly once you order it. 
 and your side dishes are always refilled. 
  My only small issue is that they don't have a soda fountain. 
 soda comes out in cans. 
  At the end of your meal. 
 they will give you each a scoop of ice cream (flavors vary). 
  

The inside of the restaurant has a nice modern ambiance. 
  The tables are spread out. 
 which is great. 
  It's always nice when you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the people behind you. 
  The restaurant also doesn't get too smokey from people burning or overcooking their meat. 
  I think there's good ventilation. 
  But. 
 like 99% of KBBQ places. 
 be prepared to leave smelling like meat for the next 3 days. 
  

The only thing that deters us from coming here for often is the fact that it's always busy. 
  The meat is good. 
 the staff is friendly. 
 and even the side dishes are yummy. 
  If you don't want to wait. 
 I'd recommend coming at off hours. 
  I drove straight there after work on Thursday and lucked out by not having to wait. 
 however about 30 mins later. 
 there were a ton of people waiting to be seated. 
  

Overall. 
 I'd recommend this place. 
 especially if you're in the North OC area. 



I came through really really early right when they first open at 11am and was seated almost immediately. 
  Parking can be pretty bad . 
 since I was early. 
 it wasn't too bad. 
  Eventually I did see a line forming so I gotta pat myself on the back for waking up early lol. 
  Once inside I notice the waiting area which has plenty of tables and games for your enjoyment while you patiently await. 
  I believe you can order drinks too (non alcoholic). 
  The meat here is top quality. 
  I came through on the weekend so there wasn't the usual lunch deal of 14. 
99 which was ok since I really came here for that 20. 
99 ayce deal anyways. 
  It comes with more than enough options for you to dive into and each are as good as the next. 
  

Our first order were the brisket. 
 the marinated chicken. 
 and the pork belly. 
  The brisket was super juicy and has very limited fat which means this place rules. 
. 
. 
  The marinated chicken was my least favorite . 
 it was absolutely delicious still. 
  The pork belly was one of the best pork belly I have ever had in my life. 
  I had Eight a couple of days ago (which specializes in pork belly and even that didn't taste as good as this). 
  For the second go round we picked up more brisket and some sausages. 
  The sausage I didn't really care too much about . 
 my brother stated that it was one of the better ones he's tried. 
  Third round we ordered more brisket (yeah they are that good) and the hawaiian steak. 
  By now I'm getting kinda full so I finished up the brisket (delish) and had a piece of the steak. 
  It definitely rivals Gen hawaiian steak. 
  

Service here is awesome. 
  I'll admit it was slow and decent at first . 
 as the time past by the server got a lot better and better. 
  The place is clean. 
  The ambiance caters towards a younger crowd and there was espn playing on the tv screens. 
   There are a lot of side dishes and I mean a lot. 
. 
  The sauces are really good too (sauce is a big deal for me). 
  The rice was also zesty. 
  And lastly the tofu soup was incredibley flavorful. 
  It had just the right amount of spice. 
  

My overall score for Mr. 
 BBQ= 7 THUMBS UP. 
. 


PS no preset grading scale

PPS I might come back for the homie b-day I heard they do something special on b-days (hope they take reservations cause wait can be 2 hrs I heard)



The wait time (incredibly long) was standard. 
 parking was easy to find (as is typical of Orange County). 
 and the food was pretty good (on the same level as other KBBQ places). 
 

But what really blew me away was the service. 
 My server Peter. 
 although very busy. 
 was incredibly attentive and made sure we understood exactly what each item on the menu was. 
 We never had to wait long for a refill. 
 and when we were uncertain about what to order. 
 Peter submitted orders based on our general preferences. 
 We were treated like royalty thanks to his respectful attitude. 
 speed. 
 and awesome sense of humor. 
 

Three stars for Mr. 
 BBQ. 
 5 stars for Peter our server. 
 

(Last note: the weekend AYCE price is the dinner price: $20. 
 Lunch: $15)


+Note+ Parking kinda sucked and was hard to find at 8pm on a Tuesday. 
 You can park across the street in the neighborhood area if anything though. 
 There's also a CVS plaza further down if desperate lol


hands down- THE BEST. 
. 
. 


Price. 
 don't be scared- just do it. 
 You'll come back many times for the high quality of meAt you will be engulfing. 
 

Service. 
 your server will give you all the attention ^_~

FOOD. 
 my mouth is drooling right now. 
 and it's 7 AM as I write this review. 
 I love there brisket and side dishes. 
 


I always come back haha can't go anywhere else . 
 here. 
 

" I live to eat "


My favorite is the Bulgogi and the Pork Bellies. 


The workers here are very nice and I highly recommend this area. 
 Great place to eat Korean BBQ. 
 Night time will be super busy. 
 so come early and prepare to wait. 
 11AM-3PM best time to come. 



Boy server his name Juntae. 
 Very handsuuuuuuuum boy. 
 I know he work what time what day I look at him thru window. 
 He no look at me pretend I ghost. 
 Why he do that? It hut my feeelings bery much. 
 I give good tip duh evertim to him because he very good server. 
 I think mr. 
 bbq very busy that's why. 
 I come bak next time maybe he smile to me. 
 He look duh so angry all the time. 
 Smile more bic boiiii ok??

On the real though. 
 food is delish. 
 On the scale of dankosity (1 being the oregano you bought some dude when you were in 10th grade and 10 being the top shelf wiz khalifa) THIS IS THE MOON ROCKs of KOREAN BBQ. 
 Ok so if you don't know better. 
 you got your low shelf $10s kbbq which you might as well throw your money into the fire they provide for you. 
 Then you got your $15-$20 Gen which is ehhh hit or miss and quality could always be better. 
 

Lastly. 
 you got Mr. 
 BBQ PRIVATE RESERVE moonrocks. 
 Everyone knows that quality beats quantity every single time. 
 Well. 
 you're in luck buddy boy. 
 Here you get QUALITY AND QUANTITY. 
 If there was spot in your body called the K-spot. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ would hit it every time. 
 This stuff right here is the dankest stuff you will ever find in Socal bruh. 
 This right here is your White Castle. 
 Food and service are A1 top notch. 



As soon as we were seated. 
 we had a bunch of banchans set up for us. 
 They were quick to take our orders. 
 I can't remember what we ordered. 
 . 
 everything was such high quality and incredibly yummy. 
 When they came around for our third round saying that it's the last time we could order food because they were closing soon. 
 we were too ambitious and over-ordered. 
 We were stuffing ourselves like turkeys on thanksgiving. 
 . 
 there was no way we could finish all of the food. 
 The waiter saw our struggle and told us that we didn't have to finish it. 
 I have to say that their understanding made me love them more. 
 I had such amazing service here with how accommodating they were about everything we asked for. 
 On top of that. 
 the meats itself is top-notch. 
 

For your birthday. 
 they have the waiters come around with lights and music and dancing. 
 It's all types of fun. 
 And to end. 
 we got a scoop of ice cream too. 
 For $20. 
99 per person along with alcohol. 
 it came out to around $30 for me. 
 This place is worth your price and definitely the best KBBQ in my book. 



On a Saturday night. 
 expect to wait 1-2 hours. 
 . 
 it's worth the wait. 
 While waiting you can go to their bar in the back. 
 The Back Room. 
 Valet parking is the only way to park and only $1. 


The girls at the counter were nice and welcoming. 
 They give you a buzzer and tell you the approximate wait time. 
 They're pretty accurate. 
 We were told 1. 
5-2 hours and we waited 1. 
5 hours. 
 

The restaurant is very clean and spacious. 
 I like the fact that your chair isn't against someone else's. 
 The restrooms are also very clean. 
 

Our waiter was ANDREW. 
 he was great. 
. 
 Very attentive and patient with our neediness. 
 I was amazed at how he remembered everything we order without having to write it down. 
 We were also helped by STEVEN he was also nice. 
 

The meat quality is perfect. 
 I love how Mr. 
 BBQ serves whole pieces of fresh meat. 
 it just shows you you're getting your money's worth. 
 I highly recommend the "all included" menu for only $29. 
99. 
 It's well worth it. 
 The scallops were frozen. 
 . 
 cooked very well on the grill along with the baby octopus. 
 We all got to enjoy the filet mignon. 
 beef chuck steak. 
 brisket. 
 marinated short rib. 
 shrimp. 
 and pork belly. 
 All of their sides and salad were great too. 


Our party also enjoyed the birthday celebration they have. 
 The whole crew of waiters come up to your table with light-up glasses and glow sticks to sing happy birthday and then play a fun party song. 
 followed by ice cream. 
. 
. 
 Mmmm. 
. 
. 
. 
 Good vanilla ice cream. 



Now what to do about the Korean BBQ smell permeating my clothes??




The wait during lunch time is around 10-15 minutes which isn't bad at all. 
 
The interior is very clean. 
 it's very similar to Gen. 

Once we were seated. 
 ice cold water was brought out immediately and our waitress began taking our orders. 
 

This place has. 
 hands down. 
 the best service that I've ever recieved at any kbbq place. 
 They're super fast when bringing out new plates of meat unlike Red Palace and always refill our banchan without us even asking. 
 I was so happy with our service. 
 it's honestly so rare nowadays. 
 
We got the basic like brisket and bulgogi which were both delicious. 
 
They even had steak. 
 mussels. 
 and squid. 
 There are also FOUR types of pork belly on the lunch menu and they were all fantastic. 
 

The potatoe salad and japchae were my favorite along with the pickled radish and kimchi. 
 There's an abundance of banchan to choose from and they were suprisingly. 
 ALL delicious and enjoyable. 
 I even ate the salad. 
 which I never do at any other kbbq place. 
 

Since it was my friend's birthday. 
 we asked then to sing for her after our meal. 
 The WHOLE entire floor staff came out with like tambourines and a bazooka (is that what it's called? Idk) and sang Happy Birthday to her. 
 They were really fun and made our experience really memorable. 
 

I love this place and will definitely be back for the fine service and delicious food. 




Oh and almost an hour later we got skipped yet again for a 6 top. 
 It is the most racist establishment that I have ever had the displeasure of being served at. 




I love how they have AYCE Pumpkin (Hobak). 
 Mushroom. 
 & Onion- I don't know where they buy their Pumpkin from. 
 . 
 it is the sweetest Hobak i've ever had. 


Oh &. 
 They give you free Ice Cream @ The end of it all. 
 Yay "free" ice cream 

Bad points: parking sucks. 
 long wait at times. 
 and they have to sing and dance at every single person's birthday. 
 which is festive. 
 . 
 really loud

  
It all boils down to the quality of the meat. 
  And. 
 I'm sorry to say that the quality of the meat at Mr BBQ isn't much better than other places that charge a lot less money. 
  Maybe it's because everywhere you look. 
 there is an AYCE?  Maybe there is a shortage of cows?  

I am not comparing the chicken. 
 pork or any of the other items found on an AYCE (or PAYCE) menu these days. 
  I am talking about kalbi (or galbi). 
 aka boneless short ribs - both marinated. 
 and not. 


Mr BBQ's most expensive option ($27. 
99) listed Marinated Beef Short Rib as one of their signature meat items. 
  I ordered it and they literally brought me a single piece of  "3-bone marinated short rib". 
 aka "L. 
A. 
 Kalbi". 
  This was not cool. 
  Especially if you are not interested in any of the other meat items. 


Mr BBQ offers lots of side dishes. 
 . 
 nothing that makes you say "Wow. 
"  This restaurant is located in a great location with great parking. 
  Something you can appreciate. 
  But. 
 be prepared to wait upwards an hour. 
 or more. 
 depending on when you get here. 
  It's a little more trendy looking than your average AYCE restaurant with TV's located in every direction you look. 
  Waiting area has some board games. 
 and you can drink while you wait for your table. 


Atmosphere is busy. 
  Service is above-average. 
 . 
 can bottle neck a bit depending on the night of the week. 


If you're looking for the present hipster. 
 AYCE KBBQ. 
 this might fit your bill. 
  If you're looking for great cuts of meat with savory marinade. 
 you may be disappointed with the price. 


I did give it 4-stars because our server was cool. 
  They bring out ice cream for the guests. 
  Kids are about half price. 
  Parking was simps. 
  Location was good. 


Enjoy. 



Honest truth. 
 I waited 2 hours to eat here and it was definitely worth it. 
 Yes. 
 the wait time sounds awful. 
 . 
 they actually have a big waiting area where you can actually order drinks & play some board games to make the time pass by quicker. 
 

The quality of the meat here is really good quality and the marinades are delicious. 
 I am the type of girl who usually just stick to brisket and pork belly at kbbq. 
 . 
 here I tried everything and enjoyed everything. 
 I would definitely recommend the spicy pork belly - wow. 
 it was definitely one of my favorite thing here. 
 I also LOVE the idea of ice-cream that is already scooped for you for dessert. 
 I always hate how unsanitary other kbbq is with their free ice-cream and how long the line is to get free ice-cream. 
 . 
 here. 
 they're so smart. 
 The quality of the ice-cream here is also really really delicious. 
 so make sure you don't pass on it. 


The customer service here is also outstanding. 
 This is probably one of the first kbbq spots I've been to without a service bell. 
 . 
 I didn't even need one since they were very attentive. 
 We requested about 10 different things at once and surprisingly. 
 they remembered and brought everything. 
 They also do a little something for Birthdays so I would recommend celebrating Birthdays here too. 






Honestly it was whatever. 
 Paid the extra for the extra meats and honestly it wasn't worth it. 
 The food was whatever taste like any other Korean bbq place. 
 Nothing amazing that made it stand out for me. 
 

The staff though is really nice which is why I gave it 2 stars. 
 

Wait and parking make it not worth it and apart of me wishes I had left after hearing it would be an hour wait. 
 

Probably would not come back. 



Food: Best Korean bbq joint in Orange County. 
 Their meat doesn't have that frozen texture that you might get from other kbbq places. 
  It seems like their marination it spot on with the meat or seafood they offer. 
 Their beef belly and steak is a definite must-have. 
 The quality of their meat here just tastes a lot better than a lot of places I've been to. 
 Their seafood was also very spot on. 
 Shrimp was very sweet and mussels are thoroughly washed. 
 This place is no joke. 
 they definitely know how to prep a mean kbbq dinner. 
 

Service: Their food is what keeps me coming back . 
 their customer service is what puts them over the top from those other KBBQ restaurants in Orange County. 
  Our hostess. 
 Tanya. 
 was extremely friendly. 
 She kindly greeted us as we placed our name on the wait list. 
 Our server Christine was also very pleasant. 
 For a busy restaurant like theirs. 
 Christine never once got mad or irate for every time we placed an order or have a request. 
  If only all restaurant service was like theirs. 
 Truly great customer service from top to bottom. 
 

All in all. 
 this place is great. 
 Their food is amazing and their customer service is even better. 
 As a satisfied customer I will be looking forward to my future visits to Mr BBQ. 
 Keep it up guys. 



Two things that make Mr. 
 BBQ superior:
1. 
 Customer Service
2. 
 Meat quality

The best part of Mr. 
 BBQ once you get seated from the long wait is the service. 
  These guys are on top of their game. 
  Your hard pressed to find a moment where you need help and someone isn't already at your table tending to you. 


Both times I went we tried the $20. 
99 AYCE menu. 
 I'd have to say all of the meats on that menu are amazing. 
  The team is diligent at tending to the grill. 
 side dishes. 
 and clearing of empty plates. 
  All the while they make sure you have fresh meat to put on your grill. 


My favorite meats:
- Marinated Beef belly
- Waygu cuts
- Hawaiian sausage
- Bulgogi
- Brisket

Downsides if I had to point them out would be the parking situation on busy nights. 
  If it is park in the neighborhood nearby. 
 . 
 check the parking signs so you don't get a ticket. 
  

Also. 
 if you like to dine in peace and quiet this may not be the most intimate spot for that. 
  Similar to Farrel's. 
 birthday celebrations are loud and could annoy. 
 

Additionally remember that even on weeknights there is a wait. 
 so prepare yourself for the busy times. 


It's $22. 
99 for regular menu and $29. 
99 for premium menu (for dinner) 
Ps don't forget to ask for the ice cream for dessert. 
  So delish. 
. 
. 



If you're not a fan of all the cooking involved at KBBQ. 
 have no fear. 
 the super friendly servers practically do all the work for you. 
 Someone is constantly stopping by your table to reload the grill with meats. 
 chop cooked items. 
 flip. 
 stir. 
 serve. 
 ask for banchan refills. 
. 
. 
 and just help out any way they can. 
 really. 


We've tried the Portuguese suasage. 
 teriyaki chicken. 
 spicy garlic pork. 
 brisket. 
 pork belly and probably a few others I'm forgetting. 
 The sausage is a delicious salty addition to the usual KBBQ suspects. 
 served with a mustard dipping sauce. 
 it was a great flavor addition to the meal. 
 The chicken teriyaki wasn't a dish we'd normally go with. 
 . 
 we wanted to try it out and see how they do with it - Simple. 
 sweet soy flavors with hints of garlic and ginger. 
 This was way more on the sweet side than usual korean style marinated chicken. 
 which they also offer. 
 . 
 still very good. 
 The pork belly is a stand out winner and high quality compared to other OC bbqs we frequent. 
 and the brisket is a notch above the rest. 
 too. 


I found myself going back for more and more of the pickled pink radish wrappers and using those a vehicle to get the meats and other banchan in my mouth. 
 There were at least 20 little banchan plates and they are ALL super fab. 
 

The prices are a little higher than other AYCE . 
 well worth it for quality and some of the most attentive service of my life. 


And the service was great. 
 
Can't wait to go back. 




Way better than Gen. 
 its not comparable. 
 
Parking can get hectic because there are not that many spots. 
 The wait time also gets long. 
 so I try to always go at a random time. 
  

The prices for dinner 1 is around $23 and to upgrade to dinner 2 is about $30. 
 There are better quality meat of course in dinner 2. 
 I highly recommend that. 
 I personally like every single thing on their menu. 
 For lunch you can also order dinner menu so don't you worry. 
 

Service is great. 
 The vibe is great. 
 2 hrs max. 
 
Good for birthday celebration too. 


 waiting time only took about 15 minutes. 

and within those 15 minutes. 

we played card games which was pretty cool while waiting to be seated 
 they give you a pager until a table is up for grabs. 


plus it was Halloween so it was even much better. 


 customer service:  is amazing even though they weren't our waiters. 
they still accommodated us with the things that we needed. 
 very great place for family dinners. 
 to bring friends. 


Food:  oh my goodness everything is definitely super DieLicous. 
 (Yes I said Die) hella Fat girl problems for me to the max. 
. 


I suggest everyone come and check this place out. 

 look at the pictures. 
 . 
 the taste in the meat in the way its marinated and the way they do things is so organized and no clusterF**** 

 they have $1 valet parking. 
 I mean It can't get any better than that. 

Plus it was Halloween and if it's your birthday. 
. 
the servers  come and greet you with a great Gundam style happy birthday. 
 

Decore': pretty awesome great atmosphere very clean. 
 trendy. 
 big screens playing sports games. 

good music and free candy since it was Halloween everybody was way chill. 
 great vibes. 


P. 
s. 

Thanks for the free good expensive name brand candies. 
 And not your Dr. 
 Office bootleg lollies. 
 
(=^. 
^=) 
Very well worth the visit. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 10000
P. 
s. 
s
THOSE GREEN JELLO SHOTS THO. 
 DEF A TREAT. 



Great food and way better than Gen BBQ . 
) 
I love their beef bellyyy . 
. 
yum yum


Context: Came here with two others on one occasion. 
 another time with a group of 5. 
 and another a group of like 12. 
 All times have never been a problem. 
 The group of 12 though. 
 they split us up so that sucked. 
 Just depends if you're willing to wait or not

Environment: Club-like. 
colorful lights and family friendly environment. 
 Not sure how to explain. 
 . 
 it's more colorful and fun than most AYCE KBBQ places. 
 For your birthday. 
 they go crazy and have cute little props and stuff and start singing. 
 It's a fun place. 


Food: 
* Beef brisket: Major noms. 
 Love the brisket here
* Beef tongue: My all time favorite. 
 
* Bulgolgi: I generally don't like bulgolgi at all. 
 . 
 my friends loved it here
* Shrimp: You get I believe 4 pieces. 
 pretty tasty. 

* And a bunch of others I don't remember. 
 . 
 overall very good. 

* Sauces: Oil with salt. 
pepper. 
 sweet sauce. 
 spicy sauce
* Drinks: They have beer towers here. 
 

Service: Service here is good. 
 My only complaint is when it's someones birthday. 
 they're all anal and ask for Facebook or ID. 
 Like. 
 bro. 
 I'm gunna ask the birthday person for their ID and pretend I didn't request anything and I deactivated my Facebook for finals (totally serious bout dis). 
 Like. 
 okay? 

Overall: Chill place. 
 great service. 
 and yummy food


Went here for a birthday. 
 Meet is pretty good for AYCE. 
 They call PAYCE because Premium. 
 $24. 
person. 
 also they have a clever "PAYCE" banner on top of the exit door when you leave. 
 Like PAYCE OUT. 
  . 
 everything was pretty good. 
 Kev helped us at first and he was awesome. 
 just wish he was a little more present. 
 Disappeared when we needed him most . 
 that's usually how it goes anyways. 
 Had to ask for moar water. 
 ponzu sauce. 
 sesame oil. 
 side dishes. 
 and meat occasionally. 
 Kev left and Sean stepped in. 
 he was awesome too. 
 Maybe a little better . 
 maybe. 
 We only had him for like 20 mins before we got the check. 
 Anyways. 
 They have a beeper. 
vibrating pager thing for you to hold on to while you wait. 
 We waited like 5 mins for a table of 6. 
 Nbd. 
 Wasn't too busy. 
 Meat is better than GEN KBBQ. 
. 
 We'll be back. 



Great experience. 
  The meats were more fresh and tender than I had remembered. 
  Bonus. 
 the place was not as packed is it usually is. 
  To top it all off. 
 our server. 
 Kim was outstanding. 
  I'm not sure how to put into words her promptness. 
 proactiveness. 
 friendliness. 
 and overall excellent service. 
  If I were you. 
 I'd ask for Kim next time you come. 


THE SERVICE IS AWESOME . 
 All the staff was gracious. 
 helpful and non-invasive. 
 this place was busy and we did not once feel like we were ignored and that's a huge plus. 
 I really enjoyed myself. 
 there were a few birthday parties and watching them sin to them was great. 
 I recommended this place to anyone in the area or willing to make the drive it is a little pricier than the premium KBBQ spots in K-town . 
 I would come here again for the service and atmosphere. 
. 
. 
 We had to wait about 20min to be seated . 
 it didn't seem that long thanks to the Games they have in the waiting area. 
. 
. 
 We played A little Rummy and connect four as we waited



If you were to do a blind taste test with the meat here and from another KBBQ place. 
 I seriously doubt you'd be able to tell the difference. 
 It's all hype. 


Mr. 
 BBQ is number 27 on Yelps Top 100 for 2016. 
 They offer "premium all you can eat". 
 Where was the premium? Maybe a premium long wait (over an hour). 
 That's about all that was premium at this place. 
 Meat tastes like any other meat. 
 It's not bad. 
 it tasted great . 
 to call it premium is a stretch. 


The service was great though. 
 Our server (Crystal?). 
 did an excellent job and was always around when we needed her. 
 

Parking here is AWFUL. 
 There's just not enough spaces. 
 People were parking at the Del Taco across the street. 
 I was lucky and got a spot right away as another car was pulling out. 
 The parking situation alone makes me not want to come here. 


Mr. 
 BBQ. 
 I don't hate you . 
 I don't like you either. 
 You're a phony. 
 a big fat phony. 
 I would not go out of my way to eat here again. 
 Also I would not wait over an hour to eat average KBBQ. 


For real premium meats. 
 go to Kang Ho Dong Baekjeong. 



With a group of 14 celebrating a friend's birthday. 
 we tried to coordinate an early arrival. 
 . 
 we didn't beat the crowd. 
 By the time we had arrived at 6pm on a Saturday evening. 
 the parking lot was full and a few parties were already ahead of us (some were celebrating birthdays too. 
) I was lucky and found a spot in the lot. 
 . 
 friends parked in nearby neighborhood and walked over to the restaurant. 
 

However. 
 that didn't deter us from our plans. 
 We got comfortable in the outside patio and indulged in a few libations while we waited. 
 which was about an hour. 
 Two beer towers and a soju cocktail later. 
 we were seated at three separate tables. 
 . 
 close enough to keep our group intact. 
 

As we settled into our seats. 
 we immediately got to ordering. 
 With most of us being first timers at Mr BBQ. 
 our server Justincredible was . 
. 
. 
 incredibly helpful and friendly while we made our decisions. 
 I assumed responsibility for cooking so I just fired off a few things to start. 
 along with drinks. 
 Once our orders was placed. 
 Joshua (whom we dubbed Josh "Ooo-Wah") brought out about 15 variations of banchan side dishes. 
 The side dishes are small and began to crowd the table. 
 . 
 we ate our fill and stacked some dishes to make space for the meat. 
 

I was hoping to take more pictures. 
 . 
 I was absorbed in the moment. 
 haha. 
 It's a little difficult to not do so  when the table you're seated at has all the loud people of our group at one table. 
 even though I'm one of the loud ones. 
 lol. 
 We just have the sort of voices. 
laughter that you can hear in any situation or setting. 
 So here are a couple things we got:

Brisket. 
 We probably got about 2-3 plates of brisket because it's quick to cook and it tastes great. 
 

Beef Belly. 
 Wow. 
 this was so amazing. 
 It helped grease up the grill so that other meats don't stick. 
 . 
 the tenderness of the beef from the fat gave it so much flavor. 
 We definitely got another order of this to fill our bellies. 


Thick cut and Fresh Pork Belly. 
 Probably one of the best pork belly cuts I've had. 
 The fat to meat ratio was beautiful and once cooked. 
 the meat was juicy and tender. 
 

Premium Wagyu Marinated Finger Shortrib. 
 For being a "premium wagyu" cut. 
 I was a bit disappointed in texture. 
 No matter how I cooked it from medium rare to medium to well done. 
 the meat was a bit on the tougher side. 
 Perhaps it wasn't cut against the grain? Not a favorite at our table. 
 

We also got a chance to try other things like miso marinated pork . 
t. 
 beef tongue and housemade steamed eggs. 
 Pretty much everything we tried was delicious. 


What I enjoyed most about Mr BBQ is how they make birthdays feel like a special event. 
 As the line of employees crowd the birthday guest with glowsticks. 
 the music changes to a specified track (ours was "Turn Down for What". 
 which is totally fitting for the birthday boy). 
 We obviously sang happy birthday. 
 which I'm sure the whole restaurant heard. 
 After a couple drinks. 
 we couldn't help . 
 share the joy with everyone. 


We may or may not be invited back after last weekend's debauchery. 
 The night concluded with five bottles of soju and two carafes of yogurt soju (which we diluted with more soju). 
 It's been about 4-5 years since I've had soju in excess. 
 . 
 perhaps the change in taste is to shed light on my upcoming trip to Korea? Lol. 


Mr BBQ has won me over with superb service and great selection of quality meats. 
 Thanks to Justincredible. 
 Ericlicious and Joshua for putting up with us crazies. 
 I wound like to return to try more of their selections. 
 Maybe I'll try to go during lunch to avoid the crazy crowds. 
 Until next time. 



Will likely come back again another time. 




I guess the lesson is to give yourself plenty of wait time if you wanna come here. 
 Wish I could've rated the food. 



One is the entertainment. 
 When you enter. 
 they have tables in the general waiting area where they have uno and connect 4 so you can kill time which also indicates that the wait time here does get quite long . 
 that's expected at most kbbq places anyways. 
 On top of that. 
 they got big screens and speakers around the restaurant so you can enjoy sports games or enjoy some background music while feasting with good company. 
 The music they play here are newer American pop songs which differs from other kbbq joints that tend to mix it with kpop. 
 Also if you are here for a birthday. 
 they got a cool song and dance for you accompanied by a large scoop of ice cream. 


The other thing that sets this joint a part from the rest is the meat and sides. 
 The sides were damn good and the meat were quite fresh as comparable to Gen. 
 They also have a wide selection of things to order from depending on menu which of course varies in price. 


Overall. 
 Mr. 
 BBQ is a cool place to eat if you in the Fullerton area . 
 if you are further away. 
 there's better options I'm sure. 
 Also the pricing is on the higher end of kbbq with dinner low at $20 per person. 



The meat here never fails to satisfy. 
 it's always fresh and definitely can be recalled as some high quality meat. 
 I get the premium brisket. 
 beef belly. 
 pork belly. 
 large intestines. 
 and my all time favorite: beef tongue. 
 chewy and tender. 
 Side dishes comes in a variety and is pretty good as well. 
 I love tofu soup. 
 . 
 here it was considerably okay and was whatevers. 
 This place also have complimentary ice cream if you still have room for dessert. 
 Nice thing about it is they scoop it for you. 
 too bad there isn't many flavors to choose from like others. 
 But it still works out. 


This place has got to be my new all time favorite ayce Kbbq. 
. 
. 
 like ever. 
 The brisket is perfectly marbled. 
 not too chewy and just ughhh so good. 
 The beef belly is like little fatty pieces of meaty perfection - it's really hard to describe taste lol. 
 The marinated choice sirloin is bomb and we just kept ordering even when we were so full because it was just too good T. 
T. 

Service was incredible. 
 Grill changes whenever it started getting charred. 
 Turned down the flame when he saw the meat already cooked and ready to go. 
 Turned it up when we got new meat and never had to wait more than 3 mins to get a new plate of meat from when I order it. 
. 
. 
 Like seriously. 
. 
. 
 just writing this makes me want to cry because I've never had such amazing service. 
 
We were quoted a 45 min to 1 hour wait. 
 . 
 got seated after 20 mins. 
 *SHRUG* 
Oh and idk what sorcery is used to make their ice cream. 
. 
. 
 because it's like whipped or something?. 
 If heaven truly existed. 
 I hope it's similar to Mr BBQ. 



I had to wait about an hour and a half . 
 it was worth it. 
 

Love the Beef Tongue and short ribs. 
 

We will go again for sure. 


You cook the food yourself on a table with a grill. 
 The waiter was very friendly and explained the process a d regularly came back to change our grill because the food gets burnt on them. 
 Lots of small side dishes such as rice. 
 rice paper. 
 radishes. 
 pickles. 
 glass noodles. 
 kimchi etc. 
 they will bring as much as you want. 


The place is VERY noisy inside. 
 

Everyone at my table enjoyed the experience. 
 . 
 it is just not my thing. 
 To noisy. 
 wait for food to be cooked. 
 to much going on. 
 I won't be back. 
 

They don't need me anyway. 
 the place is crazy busy. 
. 
 The meats are very good. 
 You'll probably like it better than me. 




First. 
 there was ONLY valet available. 
 Sorry this aint some fancy restaurant. 
 Stop trying to take away more of our money. 
 The lot was pretty huge so I am pretty damn sure everyone could fit in there without a problem. 
 But. 
 I could move on from that. 
 

Then. 
 the wait. 
 Ive seen some crazy lines before. 
 . 
 the one here was pretty long. 
 especially at such a late hour. 
 Honestly I expected there to be line because of all the hype. 
 so I just waited patiently. 


Ugh. 
 the food. 
 though. 
 The two stews we got? Oh my god? Do you people even know what its supposed to taste like? No. 
 Bland. 
 disgusting. 
 Tasted it once and didnt touch it again. 
 Meat quality. 
. 
. 
sigh. 
 I think even Moodaepo might have better quality than this. 
 Dried up. 
 frozen. 
 and not fresh. 
. 
. 
 

On top of that. 
 price was ridiculous. 
 At non AYCE kbbq like Kanghodong Baek Jeong. 
 the LARGE combo that feeds 5 people is less than $100. 
 If those 5 people came here. 
 the bill would easily come out to at least $150. 
 Oh wait $155. 
 There is that stupid valet + tip for the valet guy to drive your car up for 10 seconds of course -_-. 
 

And my final straw was. 
 There were SIX MOTHAFUCKING BIRTHDAYS in that ONE hour I was there. 
 And they BLAST the same exact birthday edm remix weird song for each person and ALL the workers need to go up to their table and start chanting and screaming. 
 

I was so glad to get out of there hahaha see you never mr bbq. 




Came in on September 11. 
 (RIP to all the love ones lost on this date. 
)

Anyways on a lighter note . 
 the hostess that worked this day. 
 You were super sweet. 
 Being the only hostess . 
 you handled the lunch rush so well. 


Also. 
 I commend everyone that worked this shift for delivering a great performance and smile. 


BUTTT. 
 let's not forget the MVP of the day. 
 JT. 
 You were such a lovely server. 
 Lovely . 
. 
 Lol so girly right? But thank you for the full service . 
 Recommendations. 
 grill change. 
 cutting the meat. 
 checking up on us. 
 The whole shabang. 
 If I owned a restaurant . 
 you would be hired on the spot. 


The food here is always superb. 
 ALL the sides. 
 Omg and the presentation of each product . 
 Amazing . 
 Marinated short rib. 
. 
 So delicious in seasoning. 
 And of course you can't go wrong with brisket and pork belly. 
 

Only complaint . 
 open up some more please. 
. 
 I have to drive all the way from Vietnam for this. 
. 
 Hahah jk. 
. 
. 
 But one in garden grove would be nice (:

Thank you Mr. 
 Bbq . 
 Always an excellent experience . 



That's really the ONLY bad thing I can say. 
  Mr. 
 BBQ is the best AYCE kbbq I've been to in OC. 
 and its not even close. 
  

When you get there. 
 there will likely be a wait. 
  Go to the bar on the other side of the building to get a drink or two while you're waiting. 
  Great selection of craft beers. 
  Its owned by the same owner as Mr BBQ (which is pure genius. 
). 
 so while you're waiting they can track to see where you are in line. 
 and will let you know when your table is ready. 
  

Now that had a good buzz. 
 here's where the good stuff begins. 


Mr BBQ has a great overall experience. 
  Top notch service. 
  Clean. 
 inviting location. 
  Its also a fun environment. 
 you'll see a ton of parties going there for birthdays. 
  So if you're looking for a quiet spot. 
 this isn't it. 
  

They have a basic and a premium AYCE option that you can choose from. 
  The basic does the job if you're looking for the standard kbbq - cha dol bae gi (brisket). 
 san gyup sal (pork belly). 
 galbi. 
 beef tongue. 
 etc. 
  The premium is pretty awesome too - you'll be able to get seafood options. 
 filet. 
 and other premium meats. 
  You can't go wrong either way. 
 the quality of meat is really. 
 really impressive for AYCE. 
 

Eveything else they do is top notch too. 
 from the ban chan (side dishes) to the sauces. 
  Ask for the special Mr BBQ sauce. 
 you won't be disappointed. 


Mr. 
 BBQ. 
. 
. 
 i'll be back. 
  If you could only open up shop in Irvine I'd be there much. 
 much more. 


Food Selection: 5 Stars
Service: 5 Stars
Location: 3 Stars
Cleanliness & Atmosphere: 4 Stars
Price: 5 Stars

This place by a long shot is my #1 place for ACYE kBBQ. 
 The meats here are truly good quality and the price isn't ridiculous either (bonus - free ice cream). 
 The service is really good here compared to many other places. 
 Love that nearly all of the staffs party it up when it's your birthday and blasting edm. 
 It's a good spot for large parties. 
 . 
 be warned that the wait is insanely long and also require you to valet your car during busy times. 
 I come here off hours like 3-4pm and had to wait 30 minutes - not bad. 
 But by the time I get out (6pm) hungry mobs everywhere outside. 


Overall. 
 yes I recommend it here. 
 Both tiers of ayce are amazing. 
 Come off peak times and you won't have to wait long. 




I will definitely be returning. 



The waits are not too bad. 
 they always over quote just to make sure not to upset their customers. 
 They also recently changed to a valet system on busier nights. 
 They do charge $1 for this service. 
 I don't mind it personally because this place can get packed and the parking lot is very limited. 
 So it is very considerate that they implemented this system. 


Overall no complaints about the meat. 
 The side dishes are on point. 
 Definitely a 10. 
10. 




Absolutely. 
  Go at lunch when the line is more reasonable. 
  And a little cheaper. 
  

Outstanding service. 
 great variety of meat. 
 and huge banchan. 
  Is it better than Per Se?  Probably not. 
 . 
 its the best Korean BBQ in OC. 



Being the piggy I am. 
 I have been to many ayce spots and would have to stall at mr BBQ takes the title for best ayce in oc. 
 Sorry gen. 
 Cham. 
 star. 
. 
. 


I really like the restaurant itself. 
 Nice environment. 
 clean. 
 air conditioned. 
 

Along with that the service has always been a plus. 
 They are very attentive and make sure you are full of sides and that your meat is coming. 
 I love how the servers actually want to help you unlike other spots where it seems like you have to force them to serve you. 
 

THE FOOD: 
Sides are so good and I love the variety. 
 You got salad. 
 glass noodles. 
 potato salad. 
 and a million other little sides to enjoy. 
 

The meats are great quality . 
 I like the brisket. 
 spicy pork. 
 bulgolgi and the mr BBQ. 
 The mr bbq is very tasty. 
 

One thing I will say is that they took off the mr BBQ meat and egg soup off their lunch menu. 
 I am very disappointed . 
 guess I just have to come back for dinner. 
. 



AYCE KBBQ with some premium quality meats. 
 The overall atmosphere of this place is trendy & very hip and suiting for college students. 
 I mean. 
 we are only down the street from CSUF. 
 Once I walked in. 
 they had a sign posted up stating that they are ranked #27 in the US top places to eat for 2016. 
 That says something. 
. 
. 


If this place is so good. 
 how's the wait? When I always come. 
 there is ALWAYS a wait. 
 Literally. 
 always. 
 I've had my fair share of lunches and dinners here. 
 The menu stays the same. 
 Pricing in comparison to other KBBQ places are a little more. 
 . 
 so worth it once you dig your teeth into the meats. 
 If you come for dinner & have a long wait. 
 head to their small bar in the bac. 
 "The Back Room". 
 Good place to kill time & have a few drinks. 


They have your usuals. 
 brisket. 
 beef tongue. 
 marinated short rib. 
 etc. 
 My absolute fave here is the brisket. 
 Idk what it is. 
 . 
 I love it. 


Lots of parking. 
 and sometimes they have valet. 
 Overall. 
 one of my top places to come eat. 



The standard PAYCE on weekends is the dinner on weeknights. 
  And let me tell you the selection and quality on that list is terrific. 
  While grilling your own meat might seem like a bit of work. 
 it really kind of brings the table together with talking. 
 grilling. 
 and eating. 
 We tried every beef and seafood option on the list and threw in the Teriyaki chicken as well. 
 So good. 
  We also got the miso marinated pork belly. 
 which had a great taste. 
 . 
 was a bit over the top fatty for us. 
  This is probably more due to eating tons of pork (yay carnitas) lately. 
 My favorites were the marinated baby squid and the beef belly. 
  OMG. 
 BEEF BELLY. 
. 
  Why have I not heard of this piece of deliciousness before?  Although to be honest I like just about every thing we had tonight (and it was a ton. 
). 


But I have to tell you. 
 it was our server Christine that took this outstanding meal and made it utterly AMAZING. 
 She changed out the grill like 10 times. 
 helped with suggestions. 
 got meat to us quickly. 
 refilled the banchan whenever asked (and sometimes when she saw it empty). 
 and kept water at hand. 
 Seriously. 
 she treated us like we were VIP guests from the moment we sat down until she handed us the check with a bow and a Thank You. 
 And from what I saw. 
 she did the same for every table she had. 
 It is the first time in a long time that we have seen and experienced such service. 
 She made our meal that much more special. 
 And she topped it off with a complimentary scoop of pistachio complete with a candle. 
 cherry. 
  and a most embarrassing join in dance (. 
 in a fun way. 
). 
 

So to recap. 
 terrific meats and delicious banchan coupled with INCREDIBLE service. 
 makes this a go to for special occasion meals in a heartbeat. 
 Amazing how have such incredible service takes everything up a notch. 
  Christine seriously has made me question every putting up with the way sub par service we have gotten here and there for the sake of decent food. 
 I look forward to returning for both the meal and the service. 





I visited with a good friend who read about this place on Yelp. 
  Upon entering it was neat to see how modern and clean  it felt. 
   They had games like Connect4 UNO and other cards that you could play while waiting. 
 alas we did not have to wait and were immediately seated. 


Upon being seated we were greeted by our waiter and he explained how it worked. 
 since we never had been here before. 
   We decided on the all you can eat lunch which is reasonably priced at $14. 
99 and has quite the array of meats to choose from. 
  We asked for some suggestions and ordered them. 
   

Upon bringing the neat to the table our waiter "slim Tim" put some on our grill and assisted with cutting and properly cooking it. 


The service was fantastic and the quality of meat was fresh tasted great and seemed to be of the highest quality. 


The only negative is they do not have a soda fountain and only serve their soft drinks in a can. 


I cannot recommend this restaurant enough. 
   Do yourself a favor and try Mr BBQ I know I'll be back. 

