

Although it's a sports bar. 
 they have a dining area and the atmosphere is very relaxing. 
 Very well kept area and not even the people there are sloppy. 
 I loved it here. 



We came in on a Tuesday night around 6:30pm. 
 and it wasn't that busy. 
 We waited at the front for maybe five to six minutes to be seated as the girls who were working at the bar saw us . 
 kept delivering beers to the other customers there. 
 The restaurant seemed to be understaffed. 
 I'm assuming. 


Service. 
 overall. 
 is pretty slow here. 
 It's such a spacious restaurant with not enough people to cover the areas occupied. 
 Our waitress did the best she could to serve and check up on us. 
 so I appreciate the effort. 


We tried the flight of six beers for $9. 
 They have a great variety on tap. 
 We liked the ones we chose. 
 We also ordered the mini garlic knots during happy hour for $4 for four pieces. 
 Those were super good. 
 Aside from that. 
 we ordered the wheat marinara pasta. 
 Honestly. 
 I personally felt it was too sour and watered down. 
 There was a bunch of flavors going on in my mouth that I wasn't much fond of. 
 . 
 I didn't want to waste the food. 



We came in and it was super busy and loud in there. 
 Our server seated us in the middle of what seemed to be a kid's birthday party so we asked to relocate to a quieter area. 
 Our server obliged . 
 did not look happy. 
 

We were looking at the menu thinking of what to get and the server came back literally every minute to ask if we were ready. 
 We were finally ready after she came by three times and she still looked unhappy as ever. 
 

We got the North Shore pizza and Garlic Parmesan fried chicken. 
 It was only until the server took our orders down and I complimented her handwriting that she finally took that frown off her face :. 
 

We got our orders within 15 minutes so I think that was reasonable for a busy afternoon. 
 However. 
 we realized we didn't have any napkins. 
 plates. 
 or utensils so I tried to grab our server's attention. 
 After 5 minutes of attempting and waiting. 
 I got up to the bar area to get the utensils myself and our server never came back so I'm assuming she forgot. 
 

As for the food. 
 it was mediocre at best. 
 The North Shore pizza is a Hawaiian pizza with pineapple and ham. 
 I took a bite and it was so flavorless because there was barely any sauce or cheese in there. 
 I would have taken a picture of the insides of the pizza . 
 that's just gross. 
 The garlic parmesan fried chicken was too greasy and I think the quality was not worth the price. 
 We had to take half of our food to-go. 
 Maybe I'll give the leftovers to my imaginary pet dog. 
 

It got busier and busier as we were eating and it was literally a madhouse in there. 
 I'm definitely not coming back. 
 I rarely leave one-star reviews so this rating speaks plenty. 
 If you don't care for the quality of the food or service and just want to watch a football game. 
 then this is the right place for you. 
 Because they have TVs in the bathrooms too. 
 Oh and make sure you get your parking validated. 
 After 30 minutes. 
 you'll be charged 4 dollars per hour in the garage. 


Free 30 minutes parking in the structure . 
 they do validation for all day. 
 There's also limited street parking right around the corner. 


INTERIOR. 
 EXTERIOR
Located on the corner of the University House. 
 same building as the the 85 Degrees Bakery and Chase. 
 They have plenty indoor booths and tables and also patio tables outside. 


MENU
We stopped by in the afternoon for a bite to eat. 
 Ordered the onion rings for appetizers and it came with a side of ranch and ketchup. 
 Pretty small portion for its given price. 
 . 
 they were delicious. 
 Paired with a cold beer and it would have been perfect. 
 We also ordered the 10" individual size Hawaiian Pizza which we did not like. 
 I'm all about the pineapple on my pizza. 
 . 
 the pineapple did not taste fresh and might have been straight out of a can. 
 Also. 
 the pizza was layered with way too much cheese which masked any other flavors except the strange pineapple taste. 


There's definitely better places to eat . 
 I can see myself stopping by for appetizers and a drink. 
 Happy hours are 2-7 p. 
m. 
 every day. 


SERVICE
Great service. 
 Our server was sweet and came to check on us a couple of times during our visit. 



"You know it is quite disturbing that your post is still up. 
 You said short and sweet. 
. 
. 
 Yet you laid it on thick and over the top. 
. 
. 
. 
 And then to top it off you had your husband give us 1 * as well. 
 The two of you came in on our best ($$ wise) ever. 
 It was standing room only. 
 So. 
 when you say short and sweet. 
. 
. 
. 
Mean it. 
. 
. 
"

Thank you for your feedback sir. 
 I would like to clarify a few things and make some points. 


Feel free to read my experience here in my previous review if you desire to. 


First off. 
 when I said short and sweet. 
 it was considered sarcasm. 
 Also. 
 I find that more lengthy reviews are a better explanation of the experience. 
 as opposed to one or two lines that say "This was good. 
" or "This was bad. 
"

In regards to my post still being up. 
 I was unaware that we just remove reviews as time goes by. 
 especially when the business in question has no desire to fix any situation or feel sorry at all for it. 
 I wonder if this applies to good ones too. 


I did not ask my husband to write a review. 
 He chose to write one based on his also bad experience. 
 We write reviews of our choosing on our own time. 


I am sorry that we came in on a busy day. 
 I was unaware that this was our fault that the staff here went to every single table . 
 ours and ignored us for over twenty minutes without one person even coming up to ask what we would like to drink. 
 let alone order food. 
 I am glad that every table that came after us received help though. 
 I will have to take note to walk back out the door to any business who is busy. 
 Then again. 
 due to other one and two star reviews complaining about the horrid customer service even on slow days. 
 I am pretty sure that this was not the issue. 
 They also chose to sit us where they did when we specified that it did not matter. 
 I did not think it was okay to ignore any customers. 
 ever. 
 

Now I can't vouch for the Oggi's at the Orange Village now. 
 . 
 when I went years ago and it was packed on a Saturday night. 
 everyone was acknowledged. 
 received food and drinks. 
 and their bill too. 
 

It seems that bad service is a common issue at this location. 
 based on other and even more recent reviews. 
 You guys do have a nice auto response with the same exact message to multiple individuals about being sorry and you will do what you can to make it a positive experience. 
 It seems like a drained out auto response without a single care to do anything about it. 
 and it shows. 


Your additional bad attitude to customers who had a bad experience is also a reflection of you and the staff here as this seems to be common practice. 
 Nasty over a review from a bad experience? A lot of owners actually do appreciate these wake up calls and thank people as they admit that they were not aware of the issues happening and they do fix these. 
 I guess being a chain restaurant. 
 it is more unlikely. 
 . 
 still. 


Seeing as the person who wrote me has one review. 
 a one star. 
 complaining about his horrible customer service experience at another business makes this even more hypocritical and funny. 
 I guess it is okay when people complain about other businesses other than Oggi's Fullerton. 
 If you complain about them. 
 it is YOUR fault. 
 Also. 
 it is not always good when people only jump on Yelp to review one stars and bad businesses. 
 It is always good to write the positive ones as well and help businesses. 
 the ones who deserve it. 


Over 350 reviews later. 
 this is the first time I was insulted for having a bad experience. 
 I expect nothing less from this location from my experience and other reviews. 


Thank you again sir. 
 I will DEFINITELY give this location another shot. 
 This is also sarcasm. 




-medium Oggis special pizza ( good size for 3 people)
-3 garden salads 
-free cinnamon twists for checking in on Yelp 

Pizza pros: plenty of toppings. 
 fresh dough. 
 
Pizza con: The bottom of the pizza was kinda doughy instead of crusty

Salad pros: good Italian dressing
Salad cons: small for price. 
 not that crispy. 
 it was served on a warm plate so this could account for the limp lettuce. 
 

Cinnamon twists:
I can't say anything bad about free food. 



The boneless chicken was ok. 
 Nothing special. 
 The pulled pork sliders were slightly disappointing. 
 It had a weird taste to it. 
 The fries that came with it were good though. 
 The drinks could do better. 
 We ordered a whiskey coke. 
 There was nothing wrong with the whiskey portion of the drink. 
 . 
 the coke was so flat. 
 I couldn't tell what I was drinking. 
 we saw that they set aside a glass of coke to make their drinks. 
 and it looked like it had been sitting out for hours and days. 
 There was no carbonation at all. 
 The server was nice about it and went back to the kitchen to get another glass of coke to make our drinks. 
. 
. 
 . 
 i feel sorry for whoever orders the next drink that needs coke. 
. 


The only negatives I felt during my visit was on this UFC night. 
 I thought they could have utilized the patio more. 
  because it was pretty packed inside. 
 
I'll definitely come back to for my beer and pizza needs. 
 
Tony Figs (Mexican Patron)



Not to mention. 
 our server had the most upbeat. 
 warm and welcoming attitude that positively just added to our experiences. 
 Shout out to Christina for being such an amazing and attentive server. 



My daughters Calzone was under cooked. 


My wifes Tortilla soup was a different color and the portion was smaller. 


My sons pizza was smaller. 
 it was dry. 
 and had less toppings. 


My Limon Chicken I had ordered with angel hair pasta and it was served with Linguini noodles. 
 I informed our waitress and she said the cooks were still being trained. 
 WTF? How can you be a chef. 
 cook and not know the difference between the pastas? 

Upon leaving we read the sign saying it was under new management. 
 I suggest going back to what was working. 
 Cutting down portion sizes while charging the same high price is what runs customers off. 
 I hate to say although we really like the food we will not be returning to this location. 


Plus your parking is good for 4 hours. 
 so if you have a short class you won't need to buy a day pass at the campus. 



I don't know why other reviewers gave them only 1 star claiming their service is terrible. 
 We had a server who was extremely attentive and always checked on us. 
  Obviously when it's super busy. 
 the service will be slower. 
 . 
 you shouldn't blame the servers. 
. 
. 
blame the other patrons who are probably asking for several items. 
 ordering. 
 taking forever to make a decision. 
 and. 
or drunk flirting with the servers. 
 Lol. 

I'd give the place 5 stars. 
 . 
 the pizza prices are kind of pricey -- it's probably because it's near CSUF. 
 Any place near a college is pricier. 
 
PS. 
 If your eyes are bigger than your tummy. 
 beware. 
. 
. 
portion sizes are huge. 



I opted to give Oggi's another try. 
 and I was not disappointed. 
 I don't think you get the best product for your dollar. 
 . 
 Oggi's satisfies. 
 I had their garlic knot and half a salad. 
 The half salads are a good deal because they're still way big. 
 plenty filling and plenty generous. 
 The chicken was pretty fresh in their Balsamic Salad. 
 Overall. 
 the product quality is alright. 
 . 
 the service stood out. 


The manager greeted me warmly. 
 and checked in a couple of times while I waited for my takeout order. 
 She greeted me by name. 
 and although she was clearly busy. 
 she took the time to ensure I was taken care of. 


Overall better experience. 
 I'll be coming back. 



Most of us ordered a salad with garlic knots. 
 and the food was decent. 
 But the service? The blonde girl who waited on our table was snotty and is the reason why we now walk right past their restaurant anytime we're nearby. 
 

Three stars for food. 
 . 
 one star for service. 
 No thank you. 



I am someone who has always risen against discrimination regardless of any race or religion. 
 Sadly. 
I had my first experience of racism here. 
 from a Black guy ironically . 
 There was a table next to us who were celebrating a birthday with lots of alcohol. 
 While I was talking to my friend about the fight and celebrating the Connor Mcgregor victory. 
 the guy next to us started coming into over personal space and asking us to fight him outside. 
 He made racist remarks about my race just because I am an Arab from Dubai. 
 The owners were very nice in diffusing the situation and I can understand things like this can happen when the alcohol is flowing. 
 

To the guy who was racist. 
 it is not my fault that I am from the Middle East I didn't choose to be Arab just like you didn't choose to be black. 
 I have always and will always stand against the discrimination that has occurred and still occurs against my fellow Black brothers and sisters. 
 I didn't expect you to be racist. 
 Peace and Love. 



Won't be spending any more effort. 
 or money. 
 on this location. 






Stopped in for happy hour. 
 Great brews. 
 Great service. 






We arrived Thursday evening 5-19. 
 to a almost full restaurant. 
. 
 there was a birthday party going on in the back. 


We checked in with the hostess. 
 expecting to be sat right away as we saw two empty booths. 
. 
 and one table waiting to be cleared. 
. 
  . 
 were told we would wait. 
. 
   OK. 


So. 
 while waiting I was checking out the place. 
   Usually with busy restaurants. 
. 
 you see waiters and or managers hustling about getting things done. 
. 
  I saw hardly anyone. 
  I briefly saw one waiter in the bar area. 
. 
 and he went back to the kitchen. 
. 
 and popped out a couple times. 
. 
  

For the dining area (where the two empty booths were). 
 I rarely saw one waiter. 
   There was one chatting with the hostess. 
 and did check one a table here and there. 
. 


So. 
. 
 flash forward 25 minutes. 
. 
. 
 we still haven't been sat. 
. 
 there are still the two empty booths. 
 and one table waiting to be cleared. 
  No tables either were vacated. 


It is clear by watching the staff work. 
. 
 that even if we did get sat. 
. 
 the service would be horrible. 
. 
  

The final straw. 
. 
 was watching two bros stroll in and skip the now quite large crowd waiting for a table and go right to one of the two empty booths. 
. 
  (that had been empty the entire time)

We got our parking validated and left. 
. 
. 
 now to contact groupon to get a refund as we don't plan on returning. 





The house small salad was actually quite large. 
 Could have made a meal out of that by itself for sure if you weren't too hungry. 
 I enjoyed it . 
 the croutons were definitely burnt. 
 The pretzel twist it came with was a nice touch though. 
 But who cares about the salad. 
 It's all about the pizza. 
 The Northshore (Hawaiian) pizza was pretty good. 
 They were generous enough with the pineapples and used Canadian bacon instead of ham which was nice of them . 
 the ratio was off. 
 Not enough sauce for sure. 
 Same thing with their Slamdunk (Buffalo Chicken) pizza. 
 It had so much potential to be awesome . 
 their ratio was completely off. 
 Not enough cheese. 
 or sauce or toppings for that matter. 
 It was just DOUGH. 
 TOO MUCH DOUGH EVERYWHERE. 
 I'm paying you for the toppings. 
 sauce. 
 and cheese. 
 Not the pizza dough. 
 

As far as pizza goes. 
 it was just okay. 
 I preferred the Northshore over the Slamdunk just because there was more on that pizza. 
 It was just disappointing because I expected more out of Oggi's because the pizza always looked and smelled so good at the stadiums . 
 looks can be deceiving. 
 Pass. 
 3. 
5




   I counted about 10 tv's just in the bar. 
 I would approximate between 42-55 inch screen sizes. 
 They Re all crystal clear and can be seen from anywhere that you're sitting. 
 There also tv's spread throughout the restaurant outside the bar area. 
 
   So far we've tried the pizza. 
 thin crust & regular. 
 both have been tasty. 
 I loved the boneless 'killer' wings. 
 the sauce was actually one of my favorites ever. 
 very spicey . 
 not mouth numbing. 
 The side Cesar salad was great with shaved Parmesan and toasted croutons. 
 I love that they have a Cal State Fullerton inspired cocktail called the 'Titan-Tini'- Ketel One vodka & blue curaçao with an orange twist ($9). 
  
   I'm sure this place is packed with college students on weekends since it's right at it's the steer from CSUF. 
 Both times we've been here on Monday & Thursday the service has been good. 
 along with the food and drinks. 
 
   Very important to note that there is parking   In the garage under the lofts. 
 it cost $4 an hour during the week BUT OGGI'S VALIDATES parking so don't worry. 
 :-D
  We'll be back. 
 Sunday specials go all day. 
 opening till 7pm. 
 Woohoo


Me and a couple friends who. 
 mind you are all bartenders and servers came in on Sunday evening. 
 Haven't seen these friends in a little while so just wanted to have a beer some apps and chat. 
 

This is the thing I get it. 
. 
. 
. 
 we all worked st pattys day and then probably had a rough weekend . 
 there is no reason for the way she treated us. 
 Not only was she completely absent when trying to order food . 
 when we started to say "whenever you get a chance. 
. 
. 
 She was just like hold on and walked away. 
 

Me and all my friends had just gotten off a long shift and could not believe how rude she was. 
 We almost wanted to ask if she need some help because clearly the tables she had seemed to much to even smile. 
 

I don't know if Kimberly can remember my table because clearly her head was somewhere else . 
 if she does just know that our 10% tip that we left you is truly never an acceptable tip in my eyes. 
 I'll leave you 20% on average service and up from there so just want you to know you earned all 10%










Jennifer she did nothing . 
 smile when serving our table. 
 

I prefer Oggi's over Yard House  or Buffalo Wild Wings any day. 
  Come experience for yourself. 
. 
. 
. 
. 





Salad lettuce was a weak shade of green. 
 dressing was bland. 
 

Tortilla soup was just off and gross. 
  I won't be returning. 


I am editing this to add that the server and service was excellent. 
 I just wanted the quality of the food to match. 





Parking can be found in the adjacent parking structure (free on weekends) . 
 is only free for a half hour normally and then skyrockets in price to a ridiculous rate of $4 for 31 minutes to the first hour. 
  God knows we would have been here longer than that just to get acknowledged. 


As we walked in the place was busy as the Women's World Cup was about to come on. 
  After approving to sit in the bar section we were quickly ushered to a booth in the back corner near the wall of televisions. 
  As we sat and began to peruse the menu. 
 all the other surrounding booths filled in the televisions were all changed to the upcoming soccer game. 
  After figuring out what I wanted to eat. 
 I had looked down at my watch and realized we had been here for over 15 minutes without so much as an acknowledgment from a server let alone a drink order being placed. 
  

At this point the soccer game was in full swing. 
 the crowd was getting ruckus and the staff swapped the sound from the television across the way to the screen directly above my wife. 
  2 goals into the game and you were completely deaf. 
  Another 10 plus minutes had gone by and still no server to be found. 
  As I looked around I noticed that all 3 other booths seated after us had drinks and servers coming to the tables to take orders. 
  The large table next to us (party of 9) also was being helped as we sat here twiddling our thumbs without so much as a greeting. 
  After nearly a half hour of nothing we decided to get up and simply walk out. 
  I can honestly say I do not remember a time in my life where I have been ignored so completely at a restaurant that I had to walk out . 
 this was completely unacceptable. 


If not for the pending Groupon. 
 I would NEVER return to this location again. 
  Unfortunately for us. 
 the Groupon we have is ONLY good for this fabulous location whose service is horrendous. 
  At this point. 
 I am half tempted to simply let the Groupon lapse than to ever return to this location again and waste more time out of my life. 
  Eat here at your own risk . 
 I recommend doing your homework and making sure no major sporting event is on and to definitely not sit in the bar section as you will be forgotten about. 
  This is definitely one of those time I wish Yelp would implement a ZERO star rating. 


The only plus for the night was the delicious In & Out Burger for saving the day and finally allowing us the food and beverage we so craved. 




Caesar salad was very good and a great size. 
  Nice and fresh with tasty croutons. 







They have a wide variety of food to choose from. 
 Extra plus is 85 degrees is located next door . 
) will definitely be back. 




Congrats to the new owners creating a new atmosphere their hard work is paying off. 
 service and food was outstanding . 
 I recommend the Oggis special pizza with avocados added. 
 it's delicious. 




It was Halloween. 
 and we wanted to watch the Ducks vs Dallas hockey game. 
 and the place wasn't very busy (yet). 
  So I asked if I could change the game to the big TV. 
  Not only did the manager change the station. 
 he cranked up the volume. 
 AND switched 2 smaller TV's. 


We ordered a bunch of happy hour food (HH ends at 7 pm) and the food came out hot and fresh. 


I couldn't find any fault in my visit. 
  Parking was free. 
 food was tasty. 
 and the Ducks won in overtime. 
  That's a hat trick in my book. 






BTW I go to CSUF right up the street and will make sure to avoid this spot for the remainder of my college years. 




The best part of the whole experience is definitely the food. 
 Service is good. 
. 
 Could be better . 
 not too bad for a college place. 
 My only complaint is seeing no one at the hostess stand. 
 I'm cool . 
 some customers expect those things




The Fullerton OGGI's location is a great location for me. 
 It's right off the Freeway and has great structure parking. 
 They even validate the parking. 
. 
  I stopped in on Sunday after the Angel's won. 
 $5 for a 14" one topping pizza is a GREAT Deal. 
. 
. 
. 
 It fed our whole Family. 
. 

I also took advantage of the new $5 Super Sunday Bloody Mary (keep the glass) promotion. 
  Another outstanding deal. 
  This is also one of the few places that offer all the MLB games on their 40 TV's. 

OGGI's pizza in my opinion is a top notch pizza and to top it off they have a killer selection of great tasting beers. 
  This is by far one of the best pizzas I've had in my life and in my opinion it is the best pizza in Orange County. 
 
I would encourage everyone to try this place out. 
. 
. 
. 
 You will not be disappointed. 




Now I know. 
. 
. 
 and I'll echo those sentiments. 
 Now. 
 it's not like I was outraged by anything that happened during my hour or so in this establishment - . 
 c'mon. 
 Oggi's. 
 step up your game. 


We walked in through the back door (near the parking lot) and approached the vacant host stand. 
 There were not many people dining - and there weren't many employees around. 
 I think I saw a floor manager. 
 two servers. 
 and a busser. 
. 
. 
 and maybe one other person behind the bar. 
. 
. 
 this is at 2pm on a Sunday during March Madness (and a pretty exciting soccer match. 
 it seemed). 


We got seated promptly. 
. 
. 
 and were led to a booth. 
 The woman who sat us dropped off menus and left - and we were then able to clean the crumbs off the seats of our own booth. 
 how lovely. 


After a few moments a woman came to take our order. 
 We began with soft drinks and garlic knots (my fave. 
) and then she went away to put in the order. 
 The drinks came out quickly - then the knots. 
. 
. 
 and we ordered. 
 A medium pizza. 
 a wrap. 
 a personal pizza. 
 and a side of fries. 
 Nothing too complicated. 
 eh?

She forgot straws. 
. 
. 
 not a huge deal. 
 We flagged her down a moment later. 


The first course went well - though our server wasn't particularly attentive. 
. 
. 
 it was cool. 
. 
. 
 we are. 
 after all. 
 fairly low maintenance. 


Hey. 
 Here comes the food. 
 The lady who sat us was also running food. 
. 
. 
 okay. 
. 
. 
 thanks. 
  We told her we were still waiting on a side of fries. 
 She told us she'd check on them. 
 Cool. 
. 
. 
 I guess. 


But. 
. 
. 
 I'd like some plates for my pizza. 
 And some napkins. 
 And forks. 
 And some ketchup (for the fries that came with the wrap my wife ordered. 
 you guys. 
 not for my pizza - I'm not some weirdo). 


Well. 
. 
. 
 then everybody started ignoring us. 
 So. 
 after a minute I just walked up to the host stand and grabbed some plates and napkins. 
 ::sigh::

We began to eat - still no side of fries. 
 A few minutes later the server comes by and I ask. 
. 
. 
 she says she forgot to ring them in. 
 They'll be another five minutes. 


"Can we have some ketchup. 
 please?" "Oh. 
 of course. 
"

Now. 
 we're all set. 
. 
. 
 we enjoy our food. 
 It's pretty tasty (it is Oggi's. 
 after all). 


The manager brings out the side of fries - finally. 
 He says nothing about the delay. 
 He doesn't ask about our experience. 
 He simply says. 
 "Side of fries?" And leaves them - and goes on his merry way. 


We got some boxes - paid the bill (and tipped. 
 don't worry) - and left. 
 The whole experience was lackluster. 
. 
. 
 and it is no wonder it was so empty in there. 
 If I'm gonna pay 19 bucks for a medium 2-topping pizza I expect more than a bunch of forgetful staff members and having to clean my own booth and get my own plates. 
. 
. 
 I'll go for DiGiorno. 


But. 
 hey. 
 lots of TVs. 
. 



Having been to a few others Oggi's and not loving it. 
 I went with what they ordered. 
 a large meat pizza and a few rounds of drinks. 

It is super noisy in here. 
 not really great for having a conversation. 

Also super full. 
 expect a wait. 

Expect to wait even longer for your food. 
 I know a big pizza takes time and it was huge. 
 . 
 we waited about 45 minutes. 
 a solid 15-20 for drinks. 
 refills we had to flag down. 

Prices are high for the quality. 
 server could not care less about their guests. 
 I'll pass next time. 



Thank you


Sculpin on the tap. 
 grade A class. 


A pint to start the day. 
 says I'm on my way. 
. 


I'll see you soon Oggi's



Pizza. 
 Burgers. 
 Flatbreads. 
 Lasagna. 
 and Oggi Sticks are great. 
 I've had them all and they are great. 
 Excellent beer selection and the Cinnamon Oggi Stix are phenomenal. 


I just feel that people need to understand that when it is busy the employees are stretched thin. 
 I feel like they do their best and that people should be more understanding of the situation. 







Pretty decent happy hour. 
 
Mediocre food and beers on tap. 
 
Would not recommend the wings. 
 Frozen is actually better. 

Pizza is disappointing. 
 Too much dough. 
 Lacks flavor. 

Plenty of sitting and comfortable. 

Patio sitting available. 
 
Service is annoying. 
 Both my visits. 
 I thought it could've been way better. 



I probably wouldn't come back if there was no 1) sports game I want to watch or 2) not happy hour time. 




Listed in: "Quench your Craftyness". 
 "Spaces for Spectators"

Story Time: So I know all about the Oggi's chain. 
  I had a birthday gathering at one. 
 I have watched a superbowl at another. 
 and I even have organized a fundraiser at this particular location. 


I was very excited to host a fundraiser here for a non-profit I'm involved with called L'Arche Wavecrest (www. 
larchewavecrest. 
org) which helps people with developmental disabilities. 
  Granted. 
 it wasn't a cake walk since I only had one week to confirm it. 
 and then I had to get flyers sent to the appropriate people. 
  There are consistently lots of waiting times with almost any restaurant I deal with. 
 so Oggi's lack of rapid communication wasn't anything new. 
  BUT. 
 I did appreciate that the GM did speak to me on the phone a couple of times. 
. 
  That. 
 my friends. 
 is rare. 
  Usually the associate managers are the ones in charge. 
  So. 
 already I felt I was having a good experience. 
 

The atmosphere itself is gorgeous for a sports bar. 
. 
. 
 They have plenty of natural lighting which helped the place to not look like a bar. 
  The booths and tables and surrounding woodwork went well together giving the place a sleek contemporary look. 
  They also did well in being a sports bar by offering a load of TVs. 
 and the bar area had an even larger TV to watch whatever prime game was on. 


The food was slighty on par with BJs and Yardhouse. 
  They do offer loads of options here. 
 so you don't have to feel stuck with Burgers. 
 Pizza. 
 or other bar inspired foods. 
  But. 
 as I told my friend who had the Cobb Salad. 
 veggies are not always going to be done well at sportbar themed restaurants. 
  Maybe Yardhouse. 
 . 
 they're exceptional in general. 
  Four of us had different pizzas. 
 and all of us loved them. 
  A couple of us had the Guacamole Hamburger. 
 and were very satisfied. 
  A few of us had other dishes. 
 and walked away full and happy. 


Their craft beer is now mostly made by a company called Left Coast Brewering. 
. 
. 
. 
at least that's what Left Coast claims:  http:. 
. 
www. 
leftcoastbrewing. 
com. 
about. 
left-coast-brewing-co  So it's delicious stuff. 
  BUT. 
 if you are interested in trying out local craft. 
 they also offer that as well. 
 I think moreso than BJs does. 
. 
. 
  Too bad Oggi's is not anxious to promote the other beer so they don't list it. 
  Actually they would have more customers if they announced their guest beers because some of them were fantastic options. 
 like their Hanger 24 offerings and some from San Diego breweries. 


The service was not so bad as other reviews mention. 
  This place is new and they seem to be working out the kinks just fine. 
  We were a massive group. 
 so our food was going to take longer. 
 I grant that. 
  A couple of side salads were forgotten. 
 and that was not the end of the world. 
  What I really appreciated was that the place split up the work. 
 and our group server wasn't the only one handling the entire eating area. 
 which by the way. 
 was small. 
  It ended up being a manageable load for our server. 
 especially since we came just as the rush of the dinner crowd came. 
  Literally 5 tables of people were filled as we began ordering. 
  It was nothing less than crunch time for the servers tonight. 


All in all. 
 it was a win-win situation. 
. 
  I am grateful that Oggi's was able to help support my non-profit immediately and not have to go through many hoops of "Corporate. 
"   I also believe I have made them a few new fans for future visits. 


Bravo. 
 Oggi's. 
  Keep it up. 
 and you'll get some more 4 star reviews soon. 



The hamburgers are tasty and juicy - don't miss the other items on the menu. 


They have a good selection of beers. 
 . 
 their house brew is perfectly serviceable. 
 none of these weird adjuncts that some places get carried away with (Yes. 
 I am looking down the road to you Placentia). 


We usually get a medium pizza. 
 some garlic knots. 
 and a few beers - just right. 





Hubby and I wanted pizza. 
  We had just moved. 
 I had come back home after a full day's work. 
 and I was cranky because of traffic (f*ck the Orange Crush. 
  T_T  ). 
  Bartender hubby made me a strong drink. 
 so I proceeded to get a bit tipsy (keyword: tipsy. 
  NOT drunk). 
  Then. 
 he made me another drink. 
  And then a third. 
  So. 
 of course. 
 I started getting the munchies and. 
 unfortunately. 
 we didn't have any food in our new place because we just moved in. 
  I was. 
 of course. 
 in no mental state to drive. 
 and hubby was pretty tired. 
 too. 
 so he decided to have someone just delivery pizza. 


Checked out all of the local pizzerias on Yelp. 
  Promptly threw out Pizza Hut and Papa John's. 
  Tried looking at a few local ones. 
 and decided on Oggi's (don't worry. 
 we'll have plenty of time to try the other local pizza joints). 
  Hubby ordered online. 
 got pizza and wings. 
 paid online. 
 we waited around 30 or 40 minutes. 
 heard a doorbell. 
 went down. 
 tipped the delivery person. 
 brought the pizza up to what should have been our dining area. 
 sat down. 
 and proceeded to munch. 


Hubby wanted me to mention that the delivery guy was very polite and cordial. 
  We dig good service. 


All of the foods were piping hot. 
  The wings were a very good size for the price. 
 and were pretty tasty. 
  Had a nice kick to it. 
 and the meat was tender enough where you got most of the meat off easily. 
  Also. 
 the messier it is. 
 the better it is. 


The pizza was huge. 
  We got a meat lover's version. 
 . 
 added jalapenos and red onions. 
  Jalapenos were FRESH. 
 so we had heartburn the next morning. 
  But. 
 the dough wasn't bad. 
 the toppings were pretty fresh. 
 and the portions were good. 
  A little bit pricier than what we normally would pay for a pizza. 
 . 
 it wasn't bad. 
  

May try it out again. 
 . 
 we're on the search for our go-to pizza place. 
 so this place may have to be kicked out of our list. 
  I wouldn't mind dining in. 
 though. 
  Their original place in Orange was great. 




Service: excellent. 
 Jasmine the manager was very attentive and super nice. 
 

Ambiance: good for late night. 
 beer and tv. 
 Not too loud. 
 Clean. 



The wings were dry. 
  How can you mess up wings?
The pizza was ok. 
  Nothing special. 
  Really. 
 nothing special. 

Service was average. 
  There's something with Oggi's. 
  We went to the one in Tustin by our house and we weren't impressed with the food or service. 
  Four years ago and we still haven't returned to that location and will not return to this one either. 
  Food. 
 service and prices need to be improved. 



Service: Taylor. 
 you are AWESOME. 
 10 STARS. 
5
Food: 5. 
5
Cleanliness: 5. 
5
Pricing: 5. 
5




You can park under the lofts and Oggi's will validate for you. 
 They have lots of TV's and beers to choose from. 
 Wonderful atmosphere and very family friendly. 












What didn't do it for me this trip was the service. 
  We sat at the bar and trying to find our waitress the entire time we were there after she took our food orders was a mission in itself. 
  It wasn't particularly busy at the time. 
 . 
 she just kinda disappeared from view a lot. 
  On top of everything else. 
 she also had a really bad attitude. 
  It wasn't like we were loud or rowdy. 
  We were pretty quiet and kept to ourselves . 
 she just seemed like us being there was a huge inconvenience for her. 
   The only times she was nice to us was when we first got there and after we paid possibly because she saw that we tipped her more than 20% on an almost $70 tab (and that was including the groupon). 
  I would come back . 
 maybe if there was a different bartender. 
. 
. 




However. 
 the service leaves much to be desired. 
 I felt as though our waitress disliked us. 
 she was not very friendly until we tipped her more than the allotted 20%. 
 I had to get my own plate for a friend because she didn't check in on us often enough. 


Food is 4. 
 service is 2. 














It was a slow day and it took forever for the food to come out and 10 minutes for a scoop of ice cream?. 
   And the excuse I got was that there "were a lot of orders before you". 
 Seriously?  Was the ice cream line that long?  :-)

Anyhow. 
 frustrated only because the service was slow and the excuse. 
 The food was good. 
. 
. 
 Average bar type restaurant food. 












Lets just get this out of the way. 
 Both the times I've gone to Oggi's. 
 the service was horrid. 
 From the vibe I've gotten from them. 
 its as if they don't even want to work there. 
 Rude and non attentive. 
 I didn't even receive my water that I ordered at the beginning until the end of out meal. 
 The table next to us didn't even get a menu to look at until they got fed up and grabbed it themselves. 
 Our server in particular was hovering and talking to a table next to us. 
 . 
 when she was done. 
 ran to the back without giving us any attention. 
 When we had to resort to saying "excuse me" to get her to come to us after the third time. 
 After we got her attention. 
 she stopped walking. 
 slowly spun around. 
 and replied with an annoyed face. 
 "yes?". 
 Right there I was ready to walk out . 
 my friends wanted to start and watch the games on the many TVs in the restaurant. 
. 
. 
the ONLY good thing. 
 I can go on and on about the service . 
 that means I'll be spending more time describing the service itself than the actual service I received. 


Now for the food. 
. 
. 


The sliders I've ordered were dry dry dry. 
 Here is the description of my Beef Sliders from the menu: " Ground Angus Beef seasoned with our own special seasoning. 
 tooped with crispy onion strings and American cheese". 
 I wish I took a picture of the amount of these that was in the Sliders I received. 
 If I didnt look closely. 
 I could've guessed there were none. 
 The bread and beef itself was just too dry and tasteless I couldn't finish start on the second slider. 
 Seasoning? What seasoning? The extra salt and pepper I had to add in which was still not enough? Yeah. 
. 
. 
stay away from these. 


The wings? I'll keep this one short. 
. 
. 
overcooked. 
 Frozen wings taste better. 


Garlic Knots? Like everything else. 
 dry and tasteless. 
 Sure they're pig huge portions. 
 But if i wanted to eat cooked dough I would've ordered that instead. 
 There was barely any garlic . 
ter on the Knots. 
 Dont believe me. 
 look at the picture I posted

The pizza. 
 like the sliders. 
 was also dry and I don't understand why they would use so much dough and not enough sauce. 
 Is this a way for them to justify the price? We ordered a 14" of the Oggi's special and man was there a lot of crust. 
 Im sure I could make a few more slices with the amount of dough they wasted on the crust. 
 Maybe if they gave a side of marinara sauce to dip the large and dry crust in. 
 it would be more bearable. 
 Hell. 
 Little Caesars. 
 Costco. 
 and Digiorno cheese pizza have more flavor and a perfect ratio between bread and crust then Oggi's regular pizza. 
 If I ever get dragged back here and forced to order a pizza yet alone their food. 
 I'll be sure to get the thin crust. 


Nothing makes me want to come back here. 
 Yes they have a lot of TV's and they play any game you want. 
 . 
 I rather just watch them at home and enjoy better food from the freezer isle. 



Let's keep this simple. 
 don't go here unless you want to have terrible service. 
 My husband and I have been here quite a few times. 
 . 
 sadly we won't be returning to this location. 


Burgers. 
. 
. 
 More please. 

Onion rings. 
. 
. 
keep 'em coming
Not sure why this place only has 3 stars. 
every time we come here the food is really good and the service is good as well. 
  In the last 2 months we've been here 6 times and each time we always invite more friends to introduce them to this place. 


Haven't had a bad experience so I recommend to give this place a shot and try out their pizzas and burgers. 


I don't leave too many reviews even though I should leave more . 
 when I saw this place only had 3 stars. 
 I had to write a review because I feel it was unjust. 







As for the food. 
 I highly recommend checking in on yelp and getting the free cheese crust sticks (Oggis sticks). 
 Don't let your eyes eat more than your stomach because you can easily share one order between 3 people. 
 They're super cheesy crust was on point. 


Service was great. 
 too. 


Definitely go here. 
 highly recommended





Check in on yelp and get a free order of cheese bread. 
  It's surprisingly a large portion. 





As far as food goes. 
 I had the bruschetta flat great and it was delicious. 
 I finished the whole thing. 
  My husband had the fish tacos and he said they were good as well. 


Before we were leaving I checked-in and there was a cinnamon dessert offer. 
  We showed our girl and she immediately put the order in. 
  I was shocked to see a full size dessert come out. 
  BEST yelp check in offer I have ever received. 


I highly recommend it here. 






Wide variety of a menu. 
 fairly priced. 
 with happy hour menus. 


Great place to come for a brew. 
 a snack or to catch the game. 
 A laid back atmosphere. 
 with a great staff. 








I came here with my friends after we got out of class at Cal State Fullerton and we figured since it's close to campus we'll give it a shot. 
 We were seated fairly quickly and given our menus and we're able to get in one round of drinks in before happy hour ended. 
 I ordered a pint of the Duck Dive hefeweizen and it was extremely bland. 
 almost like drinking water. 
 Hell. 
 I tasted the lemon that I squeezed in more than the beer. 


I also ordered the fish and chips which were (surprise. 
) bland. 
 Though the batter was crispy it had little to no flavor. 
 just like the fish. 
 Also. 
 the plate was brought out to me with no tartar sauce or cocktail sauce. 
 After asking for tartar sauce. 
 the fish was much better mostly because the tartar sauce had a nice flavor to it. 


Service overall was good . 
 not great. 
 though we did have to ask several times for things. 
 Other than that the meal was okay at best and I'm not so sure that I'll be returning here in the future. 



Maybe it was my fault for coming during the first week they opened up. 
  But holy crap was it a bad experience. 
  

The place smelled like a construction site: odors of building materials. 
 dust. 
 paint. 
 etc. 
. 
. 

It was way to warm inside. 
 and the heat lamp style lighting over the barstools doesnt help either. 
  
The service was atrocious. 
  We order a bbq chicken pizza without gouda from the inattentive bartender. 
 and sure enough it comes with gouda. 
  He tries to pass the buck on the kitchen. 
 when in reality he didnt ring it up correctly as the ticket doesnt show the modification. 
  
The manager tries to resolve the situation and gets us another. 
 and this one does come out without the gouda. 
 . 
 it's missing the other ingredients listed on the description. 
. 
. 
 no onions or cilantro. 
  SMH Oggi's. 
 its just a simple pizza. 
 

We also ordered some wings. 
 meh. 
  Overcooked & chewy. 
  

But at least they have their beer. 
 and the beer is priced decently. 
  So yeah. 
 2 stars for that. 







I have been an Oggis customer since the Del Mar Stuft Pizza days. 
 So when I heard one was opening in Fullerton. 
 I was so excited. 
 I ordered an Oggi's Special. 
 and it was anything . 
. 
 The crust did not rise around the pizza. 
 It was very bland. 
 almost like it had no yeast. 
 or was not allowed to sit. 
 I give it two stars because my daughter liked her lettuce wraps. 
 . 
 I may not want to order the pizza again. 
 :-. 






The first time we went was with some friends that came from out of town about 3 months after they opened. 
 My friend ended up getting the chicken parmesan that looked like something out of a banquet dinner box. 
 Our pizza was ok . 
 nothing to write home about. 
 Her chicken parm was cold and tasted like it was just microwaved. 
 Needless to say we left embarrassed that we suggested that place. 
 
Tonight I was scrolling through groupon and saw that they had one going and thought that this was a good time to give them another try. 
 My husband and I both ordered the build your own burger. 
 I ordered mine with grilled onions and when it came out it had mushrooms on it. 
 It's fine. 
 everyone makes mistakes. 
 10 minutes later I get the new burger back and it is so greasy that I couldn't even eat it. 
 Their coleslaw was brown and tasted like it was made days ago and was just sitting out drying up waiting for someone to order it. 
 When it came time to pay we told our server we had a groupon and she said can I see your phone so I can get the code? Sure. 
 She takes my phone and leaves with it. 
 All of my information is on my phone. 
 My bank accounts. 
 personal emails. 
 social media everything and she took off with the phone. 
 She was gone for at least 3 minutes no where to be found with my phone in hand wherever she was. 
 When she came back to our table she gave us the check and left. 
 I had almost all of my food left and she didn't even offer a box. 
 As we were leaving I asked another associate to speak with the manager. 
 OF COURSE  just my luck. 
 who is the manager on duty? Our waitress. 
 This is where she plays so nice after being rude and condiscending to us all night. 
 I told her I need to speak with someone else about our experience tonight. 
 Then all the "What happened?" "What's wrong?" "Was it the food?" questions started. 
 She said they just changed owners a week ago and didn't have her number . 
 took a business card with the previous owners name and scribbled her name on it. 
 
This will definitely be the last time I EVER set foot in that restaurant. 







Oggi's does a lunch special from 11am-4pm. 
 I ordered the Chicken tequila for 9. 
99 and the soup for an additional 1. 
99. 
 Before ordering from the lunch special menu. 
 I asked my server if I was allowed to use my VIP card with the lunch special. 
 He said yes and he even asked someone in the back to make sure It was okay. 
 I also ordered a drink that was 2. 
49. 
 So I expected a check around 14. 
50 before tax and any discounts. 
 

When I got my check. 
 the bill was around 19. 
00$. 
  This is even after my 20% discount. 
 They charged me 11. 
99 for the chicken tequila. 
 4. 
99 for the soup and 2. 
49 for the drink(the drink was ok). 
  I asked my server about it and he said he'd fix it. 


After getting my check for the second time. 
 I was charged 9. 
99 for the chicken tequila and still 4. 
99 for the soup. 
  After being fed up with the situation. 
 I just went to the manager. 
 And what do you know. 
 apparently you can't use the VIP card with the lunch special. 
 My server even "confirmed" with someone in the back that it was okay. 
 

So I ended up paying 16. 
00 for something that should have been around 12. 
00(with the discount). 
  I just paid the bill anyway because I was just over the situation and the manager wouldn't do anything about it. 
 

I'm just really upset that my server "confirmed" that it would be okay to use my VIP card. 
 when it was not okay. 



Two massive breaded and fried chicken breast pieces pounded down and severed on top of pasta that unfortunately was served with the same tasteless sauce. 
 Food was inedible. 
 My server returned and I ordered fries and chicken wings (both were hot and well seasoned. 
) and pushed my plate to the side. 


To the servers credit after dropping the bill and my refusal of the to-go box for the full plate sitting on the table. 
 she asked if everything was okay and I couldn't help . 
 tell her how horrible the sauce covering the entire plate was. 
 She did remove the plate from my bill. 
 which was nice and unexpected. 
 

Having had a roommate that used to work here and would bring home some pretty decent pizza. 
 that is the only reason I don't rate this place one star. 




Got the free oggi sticks with a check-in. 
 which were bland. 
 . 
 came in a pretty generous serving size. 
 I also ordered the custom burger with sautéed mushrooms. 
 garlic aioli. 
 and a fried egg. 
 The burger itself was good. 
 . 
 it was lacking that extra kick of flavor that would have made it AMAZING. 
 

This place is really close to where my boyfriend lives. 
 so its very convenient to grab a bite late at night when we get hungry. 
 I probably would venture back if I had late night cravings. 
 . 
 I'd try something new. 



First off. 
 let me mention that the original locals in San Diego do not compare to Chicago and New York. 
 they are very good. 
 . 
 not that level. 
 They do have some of the best pizza in San Diego. 
 not the best . 
 definitely up there. 
 

Why do I mention the San Diego locations (I have been to 4 of them). 
 this Fullerton location is not as good as the others I have been to. 
 It is good. 
 . 
 honestly. 
 I think its the crust. 
 There is no salt or flavor in the crust and crust is a big part of the picture. 
 Toppings are good. 
 Beer is Very Good - I love the Double Up IPA. 
 . 
 the Pizza at this location is not as good as the others I have been to. 
 I wish I could give these guys higher stars. 
 . 
 it simply is not up to the standards of their other locations. 
 But the beer is still very good :)

Service was OK - I could see why others complained. 
 I simply feel they are under staffed. 
 The place was full at 6pm - they have a very good Happy Hour that ends at 7pm Monday through Friday. 
 9:30 am on Sunday to 4pm (not sure if I have the 4pm right) during the football season. 


Parking is another concern and it seems like it is hit or miss. 
 The arm was up (to get out) when I came in and still up when I left. 
 . 
 I validated my parking ticked just in case. 
 Not sure what the story is with that. 
 . 
 the bartender was more than happy to validate (sorry. 
 I am not sure how long and. 
or how much that validation covers). 
 The bartender even acknowledged that it was pricey and that she should validate my ticket "just in case" - which I thought was good service. 


So in short. 
 Very Good Beer. 
 Very Good Happy Hour Menu - pizza needs a bit of work and a little slow on service. 
 . 
 I have hope as the San Diego locations are really good. 
 I have been to this location over the past year a couple times and they are improving. 
 I hope they continue to read the reviews and continue to improve. 







I've tried a wide variety of their items. 
 Numerous appetizers. 
 burgers. 
 salads. 
 sandwiches and pasta. 
 Everything I've ordered was tasty and good quality. 
 maybe not the best I've ever had. 
 . 
 I've never been unhappy with anything I've ordered. 
 I would come here before buffalo wild wings or any other chain sports bar. 
 

Favorite items so far are the chicken tortilla soup. 
 boneless wings. 
 pot stickers. 
 and burgers. 



They can't seem to get my pizza black on the bottom after five or six visits. 
  Next time I'll have the waitress repeat my instructions. 
 and I'll tell her to send it back if they don't get it right. 


They've been having a problem with the dish washing lately. 
 last two visits there was not a clean plate or fork on the table. 


Don't go during a major sporting event. 
 it is so loud I'd wager the staff should be legally required to wear hearing protection. 


I do have to take two stars off for service. 
 It is generally slow. 
 It seems that they staff the restaurant with only a few of the same servers and bartenders because that's who I see working every time I come in. 
 They seem consistently understaffed and on multiple occasions I have had to wait more than 10 minutes for service. 
 I will say though. 
 Jasmine has got it together. 
 I hope when I walk in that she's working. 
 She knows how to take care of customers and is the reason I keep coming back. 



Today at lunch. 
 there appeared to be three waitresses. 
servers. 
 as they walked quickly on by. 
 they did not acknowledge me. 
  Two minutes later. 
 I finally get a "hello" and was seated. 
  When my group is all here. 
 they set us up with beverages and take our order promptly (nice. 
). 
  The salads come out 5-10 minutes later (nice). 
 . 
 our mains come out 30 minutes after ordering. 
  C'mon. 
  This is lunch folks--we don't have all day. 
  They drop off our bill while we're eating. 
 . 
 then take forever to track down to get a box & for them to take our bill. 
  My colleagues give me the "I told you so" when I return late to work. 
  Good food. 
 . 
 I'm so done being treated like I've got all day with time to waste. 





One time we watched the assistant manager smoke a cigarette and chit chat with the manager outside while my food order was wrong. 
 I sat there for 15 minutes. 
 complaints to multiple bus boys. 
 and making disgruntled eye contact with her outside before finally demanding my money back and leaving. 
 

The majority of the time you come will be spent with craned necks hoping someone throws you a bread crumb. 



Baja 500 chicken sandwich (jalapeño is hot. 
). 
 Also. 
 if you love chocolate and peanut . 
ter. 
 OMG. 
 they have an amazing mini-dessert for only three or four dollars. 
 Service always amazing. 




We stood around for a few minutes to be seated since no one was manning the front desk. 
  There were initially six of us and they seated us in a booth that didn't quite accommodate all of us so we asked to be moved. 
 (we all know what happens when you ask to be moved from one table to another. 
 new server or hopefully they can work it out between the staff instead of front of the customer which they did). 


Ok. 
 I need to go back to focusing on the food. 
  We had the wings (Teriyaki and Sweet Thai Chili). 
 pretty tasty and pizza. 
  Pizza was good . 
 I'll stick to their specialty pizzas. 


I'm not sure how long this location has been open . 
 they need to work out the front of the house kinks because they still seem confused. 


Their brew is aight. 
 though. 






Oggi's Sticks are addicting with ooey. 
 gooey cheese. 
 and the Guacamole Bacon burger is so good. 
 Come in for happy hour to get good food & drink specials. 







They have good calamari . 
 as I keep coming the portions just get smaller and seems a bit stingy. 
 I like coming here because they usually have the game on though. 
 

One of the manager's who's a woman needs to be FIRED. 
 She said she couldn't take my boyfriend's I. 
D because of a chip on the corner. 
 She had the nerve to tell US it is not accepted anywhere. 
 yet my boyfriend just got off the plane from Colorado and uses his I. 
D everywhere. 
 But we didn't make a big deal about it. 
 I just said "ok. 
 well it can't be a policy because he uses it everywhere. 
" Then she tried to look at me like I was the stupid one and said it was a policy. 
 Smh some people are just plain retarded. 
 Ultimately I'm pretty sure she acted this way because my boyfriend is an African American male. 
 Of course. 
 Won't be coming here as often anymore. 



Won't ever order online from them or go to the restaurant. 
 Totally not worth the cost and the good was not good. 
 Also when my parents went there a few weeks before his phone was stolen and they basically blamed him for leaving it on the table. 
 

You can get a similar menu at a much better value and taste elsewhere in Fullerton. 
 Don't bother. 



I took my roommate here today for lunch and we were both extremely hungry. 
 1 to 2 servers. 
 not very busy at 5pm. 
 When we first arrived. 
 I stood at the hostess counter for about 3-5 minutes waiting to be seated. 
 The server who was waiting the area walked by at least two times and didn't say a word. 
 Not even a "hello. 
 we'll be with you in a minute" or "hello. 
 welcome. 
" So rude. 
 The hostess finally emerged from the kitchen to give 3 people waiting with their to-go food and seated us. 
 We sat at the table staring at the menu for about 10-15 minutes. 
 The waiter didn't come by or let us know he'd be with us. 
 ridiculous. 
 Worst service ever. 
 we got up and left to go eat at the habit and what do you know they immediately greeted me and had my order ready in ten minutes. 


Don't know if I will be returning to oggi's . 
 may give their take-out a try since the food is quite tasty. 



However. 
 here's what pisses me off. 
. 
. 
 The food was cold. 
 hot sandwich was soggy because it was steaming in those cheap plastic containers. 
 and the fries tasted like they been sitting for a while. 
. 
. 
 I called to complain however I was never given an reason. 
 apology or credit for the inconvenience this caused. 
. 
. 
 Grubhub and Oggi's. 
 you both have lost my business. 
. 
. 
. 
. 


Followup. 
 the company wanted to give me 20. 
00 off my next visit. 
. 
. 
 LOL Not worth it. 
 As I stated. 
 I will never shop from them again. 





The last time I went. 
 and by far the worst experience. 
 was during the World Cup. 
 Myself and some friends went and after receiving my first beer no one came back to check on us for an hour. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 I found that to be very unprofessional. 
 I understand it was busy. 
 . 
 an hour? Took me 4 hours to get out of there that day because no one would come by to give us the check. 
 We could have walked out of there without paying and no one would have even noticed. 
 Something really needs to change over there and fast or they aren't going to last much longer since Guppy House and Dillon's opened nearby. 



Oggi's opened a new location right next to CSUF. 
 just a stone throws away from Mihaylo. 
 Seemed like a great location with a lot of potential so I stopped by on back-to-back night during Finals. 


Wed. 
 May 14 (Night 1): The chicken sandwich & beer was good . 
 the service was atrocious. 
 The worst part was hearing every other table and bar patron complain about the wait & the staff's attitude. 
 

Thur. 
 May 15 (Night 2): Arrived at 9:54pm to catch the 4th quarter of the Clippers game. 
 Again. 
 the bar was severely understaffed. 
 A lot of complaints were observed & the bartenders were over-matched. 
 I managed to sit at the bar until 10:08 without being acknowledged  or offered a drink. 
 Even though I  was wearing a suit & tie on from my presentation. 
 I couldn't get served. 
 I can't imagine ever stopping by that Oggi location again. 
 Poor management. 







Service wasn't very attentive. 
  I assume it will get better over time. 
  Price was very reasonable given there was six of us. 
  Overall. 
 it was good and we will give it another shot. 



The garlic knots came out pretty bland and the cheese bread was mediocre at best. 
 They were better at the Oggi's in Anaheim near Disneyland. 
 

My friend got the patty melt for his entree and I picked the boneless bbq wings. 

The entrees just taste like any other typical brewery pizza spot- nothing special. 
 

There's a free small cheese bread when you check in on yelp tho. 



I am definitely gonna recommend Oggies to my friends and coworkers. 






Oggi's Sticks are addicting with ooey. 
 gooey cheese. 
 and the Guacamole Bacon burger is so good. 
 Come in for happy hour to get good food & drink specials. 







They have good calamari . 
 as I keep coming the portions just get smaller and seems a bit stingy. 
 I like coming here because they usually have the game on though. 
 

One of the manager's who's a woman needs to be FIRED. 
 She said she couldn't take my boyfriend's I. 
D because of a chip on the corner. 
 She had the nerve to tell US it is not accepted anywhere. 
 yet my boyfriend just got off the plane from Colorado and uses his I. 
D everywhere. 
 But we didn't make a big deal about it. 
 I just said "ok. 
 well it can't be a policy because he uses it everywhere. 
" Then she tried to look at me like I was the stupid one and said it was a policy. 
 Smh some people are just plain retarded. 
 Ultimately I'm pretty sure she acted this way because my boyfriend is an African American male. 
 Of course. 
 Won't be coming here as often anymore. 



Won't ever order online from them or go to the restaurant. 
 Totally not worth the cost and the good was not good. 
 Also when my parents went there a few weeks before his phone was stolen and they basically blamed him for leaving it on the table. 
 

You can get a similar menu at a much better value and taste elsewhere in Fullerton. 
 Don't bother. 



I took my roommate here today for lunch and we were both extremely hungry. 
 1 to 2 servers. 
 not very busy at 5pm. 
 When we first arrived. 
 I stood at the hostess counter for about 3-5 minutes waiting to be seated. 
 The server who was waiting the area walked by at least two times and didn't say a word. 
 Not even a "hello. 
 we'll be with you in a minute" or "hello. 
 welcome. 
" So rude. 
 The hostess finally emerged from the kitchen to give 3 people waiting with their to-go food and seated us. 
 We sat at the table staring at the menu for about 10-15 minutes. 
 The waiter didn't come by or let us know he'd be with us. 
 ridiculous. 
 Worst service ever. 
 we got up and left to go eat at the habit and what do you know they immediately greeted me and had my order ready in ten minutes. 


Don't know if I will be returning to oggi's . 
 may give their take-out a try since the food is quite tasty. 



However. 
 here's what pisses me off. 
. 
. 
 The food was cold. 
 hot sandwich was soggy because it was steaming in those cheap plastic containers. 
 and the fries tasted like they been sitting for a while. 
. 
. 
 I called to complain however I was never given an reason. 
 apology or credit for the inconvenience this caused. 
. 
. 
 Grubhub and Oggi's. 
 you both have lost my business. 
. 
. 
. 
. 


Followup. 
 the company wanted to give me 20. 
00 off my next visit. 
. 
. 
 LOL Not worth it. 
 As I stated. 
 I will never shop from them again. 





The last time I went. 
 and by far the worst experience. 
 was during the World Cup. 
 Myself and some friends went and after receiving my first beer no one came back to check on us for an hour. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 I found that to be very unprofessional. 
 I understand it was busy. 
 . 
 an hour? Took me 4 hours to get out of there that day because no one would come by to give us the check. 
 We could have walked out of there without paying and no one would have even noticed. 
 Something really needs to change over there and fast or they aren't going to last much longer since Guppy House and Dillon's opened nearby. 



Oggi's opened a new location right next to CSUF. 
 just a stone throws away from Mihaylo. 
 Seemed like a great location with a lot of potential so I stopped by on back-to-back night during Finals. 


Wed. 
 May 14 (Night 1): The chicken sandwich & beer was good . 
 the service was atrocious. 
 The worst part was hearing every other table and bar patron complain about the wait & the staff's attitude. 
 

Thur. 
 May 15 (Night 2): Arrived at 9:54pm to catch the 4th quarter of the Clippers game. 
 Again. 
 the bar was severely understaffed. 
 A lot of complaints were observed & the bartenders were over-matched. 
 I managed to sit at the bar until 10:08 without being acknowledged  or offered a drink. 
 Even though I  was wearing a suit & tie on from my presentation. 
 I couldn't get served. 
 I can't imagine ever stopping by that Oggi location again. 
 Poor management. 







Service wasn't very attentive. 
  I assume it will get better over time. 
  Price was very reasonable given there was six of us. 
  Overall. 
 it was good and we will give it another shot. 



The garlic knots came out pretty bland and the cheese bread was mediocre at best. 
 They were better at the Oggi's in Anaheim near Disneyland. 
 

My friend got the patty melt for his entree and I picked the boneless bbq wings. 

The entrees just taste like any other typical brewery pizza spot- nothing special. 
 

There's a free small cheese bread when you check in on yelp tho. 



I am definitely gonna recommend Oggies to my friends and coworkers. 




I was nervous with many negative reviews. 
 . 
 in the end it was the food that was mediocre. 
 not the service. 
 

We were there fairly late (9pm) on Sunday night. 
 We were greeted promptly at the desk and our waiter was quite prompt with menus and taking our drink order. 
  It was very quiet with maybe a total of 5-6 tables occupied and just the one server. 
 

If you're reading this. 
 you must take advantage of the check-in offer for the bread- it was quite good an enough for our party of 4 to share. 
 

We ordered pasta. 
 pot roast. 
 pizza. 
 and prosciutto mac & cheese. 
  The pasta was very average and so was the pot roast. 
 The Mac & cheese smelled like dirt and we sent it back for a burger. 
  The burger was actually the best thing we had. 
 It was very good. 
  Pizza was fine. 
 

This place clearly exists for the sports and college students. 
 Prices were reasonable. 
 

It was worth a try. 
 . 
 no real reason to return unless we want to catch a game. 



Service on the other hand was pretty Damn bad. 
 Had to ask for silverware and napkins twice and when my friend arrived took forever to get someone's attention to get him a beer and food. 
 Then the bartenders serving us were sitting in a back corner eating and talking while they had people who clearly need service( including our table). 
 They seemed friendly enough . 
 just didn't look like they wanted to be at work. 
 They could not handle 7 tables and maybe 4 bar tabs and there were 2 of them. 
 Highly disappointed in service food was enough to give them 2 stars. 
 

Will give them one more chance since its still new. 
 But pick it up. 








I'm not a vegetarian . 
 a couple more options would be good as well. 





The service is amazing I mean if you get a chance to be served by zack hes awesome tip him $20 cause this will be the best service ever. 
 

The cob salad is to die for and the pizza is soo yummy. 
 

The staff is just so friendly in general. 
 

This place blows Bj's out the water. 
 oh make sure to try their IPA. 



Only seven tables were occupied when we arrived. 
 Tons of staff. 
 Got seated and nobody even looked our way for 20 minutes. 


A few servers and hosts passed our table without a look or any interest in helping. 


Complained to the manager and left. 
 Plenty of other pizza and wings places. 
 and table service to boot. 
 

Won't be back. 



It was okay. 
 ^^ not going to complain too much on free food

I know what I want before I'm even asked by a waiter. 
 Oggi's offers a a signature style with their pizzas. 
 Nothing beats an Oggi's Pizza. 
 They also have a beer reputation and it's a great environment for sports fans. 


Definitly not going back. 
 Pieology is better. 
. 
. 
. 
Costco's pizza is better. 














The staff is helpful and friendly. 
  As one of the other Yelpers stated Noelle is a great server. 
  She goes out of her way to help and is super friendly. 
  Our 5 year old daughter loves her because she always takes the time to talk to her. 
  
Oh yeah. 
 they have great food and beer too. 
 
:-)








My husband is a craft beer enthusiast and this place boasts a nice. 
 ever-changing selection of micro brews on tap. 
 
They also brew a handful of their own beers and they are usually quite good. 
 The porters and red are my husband's favorite. 
 
I'm a  cider fanataic and they have that as well. 
 
I really enjoy their pizza and calzones. 
 Also the salads and sandwiches are good . 
 
The bread. 
 whether it's the pizza dough or cheese-laden Oggy sticks or just the little nugget you get with the salads. 
. 
 is awesome. 
 
The mini cheesecake dessert is worth saving room for as well and definitely check out the lunch specials. 
 
If its crowded  or if you are outside on the patio. 
 the service sometimes slower for bigger groups. 
 
They really seem to value their customers. 
. 
 wait staff will take the time to patiently explain the beer selection to my hard of hearing husband. 

For the times they have missed something (or the holiday they said they'd be open . 
 were closing up when we got there 15 mins later) we always get a comped appetizer or discount. 














Ps: as much as I love this place. 
 there were 3 occasions where the employees were NOT 4 star worthy. 
 Once. 
 I called to ask what time they closed to make sure (yelp said 12) and the employee answered the phone saying 11. 
 It was a Friday night so I'm sure she only said that bc she didn't wanna be stuck there. 
 Rude. 
 Another two separate occasions. 
 we actually WENT and "management" said they were closed despite having another 2 hours to go. 
 Not a way to run business if you ask me. 
 Hopefully this doesn't happen to you. 
. 
 :)



Save your money and order elsewhere :)

Overall. 
 it was a good experience and I will probably order from them again. 







time we decided to forgo the pizza. 
 We ordered an appetizer of buffalo wings. 
 a parmesan patty melt and fettuccini alfredo with chicken. 
 The buffalo wings were supposed to be a pound for $10. 
99. 
 The plate they brought out had 6 scrawny wings
that weren't enought for one person. 
 We really should have had them taken back. 
 When you think about it with tax and tip. 
 those 6 wings cost about $15. 
00. 
 Ridiculous. 

We should have sent back the fettuccini as well. 
 The noodles and what appeared to
be chicken were literally swimming in alfredo sauce. 
 It was really disgusting. 
 The patty melt was the best of the lot . 
 we would never get it again. 
 It was so dried out we
needed to add way too much 1000 island dressing to make it eatable. 
 If and when
we go back. 
 it will definitely be pizza only. 
 It still burns me about those wings though. 

How can a restaurant even serve something like that?

