

The price is abit high for the amount . 
 its soo good


So i came in and was greeted by 8 employees yelling hello at you when you walk in. 
 Its trashy. 
 just stop. 
 The whole restaurant looks at you when you walk in so unless you dig attention. 
 this is a bad position to put people in. 
 

Next. 
 it took 2 minutes for someone to take my order and of course I get miss newbie. 
 No offense to new workers. 
 just train them better. 
 She walked away from me a total of five times and opened and closed my box five times. 
 Not sure what she was doing or maybe she was just lost? Finally I pay for my overpriced meal and get to my car. 
 Pull the box out the car and not even opening the lid. 
 the sauce goes all over my car. 
 Absolutely ridiculous. 
 I go inside and tell them I'm going to wash my hands while they figure out a solution so they start making me a new box . 
 they wait for me to come out. 
 Wait another two minutes. 
 I don't know about you . 
 if you have an upset customer I think you're supposed to help them first. 
 So eventually they took too long and I ask for my money back so finally the manager comes out off her lazy ass to ask wheres my receipt. 
 So I brought her my receipt from the car along with all the nasty sauce filled napkins and my wallet with sauce all over it. 
 She finally asked what happened. 
 She had no apologies and just put the money back on my card. 


This was the most terrible experience run by college monkeys and inconsiderate management. 



I placed an online order at 12:45pm and was told my order would be ready at 1:00pm. 
 when I arrived I did not get my food until 1:16pm all while people who were walk ins waited in line. 
 got their food and left all the time I was there waiting for my food because it wasn't ready. 
. 
. 
after 30 minutes. 
 On top of that. 
 my food order was incorrect & missing items. 


I love Panda Express for their food . 
 this location has very poor service. 
 Please pay attention to your business and more importantly pay attention to your employees. 
 they need your help. 




Also the people were very friendly when they served me. 











Me. 
 I'm not impressed. 
  I always feel rushed when I'm ordering. 
 Yes they asked me if I wanted a sample . 
 it's as if it's scripted for them to ask (like when you go to a store and your offered the store credit card. 
 ) She didn't give me a chance to say "Yes. 
 may I please try the Beijing Beef" no she said"You want a sample. 
 what would you like" all in one breath. 
  

So on to the food. 
. 
. 
 Orange chicken was hard. 
 like it had been sitting under the heating lamp for hours. 
 Chow mein was good can't complain. 
 Beijing Beef had a little spiciness to it. 
 the beef was soft and chewable. 
 Beef broccoli was alright. 
 The food didn't leave me wanting more or thinking what I want on my next visit. 
 

I will be back . 
 only because my son loves the Orange chicken with bacon. 


You get a cute little bag full of fortune cookies for only a dollar. 
 

THREE STARS. 







Be warned that if you go after 8:30 p. 
m. 
 there isn't a lot of choice. 
  The staff has already begun to shut down. 
  Half of the steam tray choices are gone. 
 and what is left hasn't been replenished. 
  However. 
 the staff does try to get your entree ready. 
 and they are pleasant. 



The place gets very busy and under staffed so it's not kept clean. 
 ran out of food. 
 and all kinds of issues. 
  Not a well run place. 
  Unfortunately no other half decent Chinese fast food around the area. 





I walked into two fat Mexican girls and some crazy Asian lady. 
 The service was bad. 
. 
 The two fat Mexican bitches really seemed like they didn't want to br there. 
 Ordered the Angus steak that they charge an extra 1. 
25. 
 Whatever. 
. 
 I opened my plate and tried the steak. 
. 
 For the extra money i had to pay. 
 it tasted pretty bad. 
 The steak bits were sauteed with all the tough ends of the asparagus and fibrous onion bits. 
. 
 I
 was seriously disappointed. 
. 

also. 
 fat Mexican girl. 
 do they not teach you how to cut terriyaki chicken properly? please work on your knife skills 
also. 
 to the owner. 
 what the hell are you doing?. 



And come on. 
. 
really upping your premium side like "Walnut chicken" to $1. 
25?? I mean come on it's not gold. 


Unhappy Panda Express customer =( you get a fail in my book today . 
 I decided to be nice since the food was delicious and fresh and give you 2 stars. 
  Had I been going on customer service only you would have gotten zero stars. 






Overall good

Fyi- Jimmy Johns is across the street just opened up and they're awesome and always running a special. 
 Also if your close and want Chinese there's a hole in the wall a block west on Orangethorpe and Euclid in the Southeast corner next to Larrys. 
 Still not top quality . 
 its tasty tasty for sure andthe prices and portions rock. 


I'm already pregnant. 
 tired and hungry. 
 . 
 this place went out of their way to make me absolutely miserable. 

First. 
 I'm standing in line to use the restroom. 
  The door is locked. 
  There are no signs on the door. 
  I wait 5 minutes. 
  A worker exciting the store saw me standing there and says. 
 "the key is by the register". 
  I say. 
 "oh. 
 I need a key?  There is no sign here saying I need a key to use the restroom. 
"  I assumed it was occupied if it was locked. 
  Already wasted 5 minutes of my time. 

Then the line to order food is horrifically long. 
 at least 15 minutes wait time. 
  But whatever I'm hungry. 
  They have only 2 people working behind the counter during dinner rush hour. 
 and they are terribly inefficient. 
 getting orders mixed up. 
 and can't restock food items fast enough. 
  If I want broccoli beef. 
 I'm going to have to wait another 5 minutes they say. 
  So. 
 I waited 5 minutes for an empty bathroom. 
 15 minutes to order my food. 
 and now you want me to wait another 5 minutes??  Are you crazy?  No way. 

I paid extra for a side "Angus beef steak". 
 and they gave me the smallest portion ever. 
. 
. 
 Not even a whole spoon scoop full. 
  My chow mein noodles were burnt and tasted smoky gross. 
  My orange chicken was soggy cold and not fresh. 
  And my egg roll tastes like a hot dog. 

This place should be avoided at all costs. 
  I'm NEVER coming back. 




ORDERED:
2 Item combo . 
. 
. 
 Beijing Beef. 
 Orange Chicken with noodles and rice. 

http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
panda-express-restaurant-fullerton?select=8PmfRvpotbF4IwStBW_TPA#8PmfRvpotbF4IwStBW_TPA

TASTE:
Beijing Beef . 
. 
. 
 very chewy must have been sitting for a while 1*star
Orange Chicken . 
. 
. 
  OK . 
 was a bit weak on the orange 2**Stars
Rice  . 
. 
. 
. 
 Dry and flavorless. 
 tossed after 2 bites 1* Star
Noodles . 
. 
. 
 OK . 
 wouldn't go out of my way for em 2** Stars

Girl at the counter was nice . 
 don't make up for lame food. 


I Will not be back. 




Avoid if you want to function after eating. 




Update #1:

It's now 24 minutes into the lunch rush and 5 customers have been waiting off to the side for their selections to be cooked. 
 

One guy cooking. 
   The supervisor in the blue shirt cooked for 10 minutes . 
 has disappeared. 
  One girl serving. 
  one at register. 
 8 people in line. 
  No one working in the dining area clearing. 
  wiping tables. 

Still out of 4 selections. 


Update #2
Second cook appears and cooks for 10 minutes. 
  Disappears. 
  Janvan. 
 Mr. 
 Blue shirt reappears and starts serving a few entrees after Maria takes order and does rice. 
noodles. 
  He disappears after 10 minutes. 
  Reappears after 10 minutes and tells the hardest worker in the place Maria to go clean the dining area. 
  Janvan should do that since he only seems to know slow speed. 
  He enjoys looking out the windows a lot. 
 He starts serving customers. 


10 people still in line. 
 Still out of two items. 
  People still have had to wait off to the side for items to be cooked. 


Other hard workers are the cashier Corina and the short. 
 hefty cook who hasn't stopped working hard the entire time I've been here. 
 about 1 hour. 
 

Something is still way wrong at this Panda. 
 I've been to lots of Pandas . 
 never seen one so poorly staffed and run especially at lunch time. 
 Are you listening Panda management?

They do tend to be busy so don't be surprised if you have to wait. 
 . 
 it is worth it. 




I also did a kids meal which the manager frowned upon . 
 you know what. 
 deal with it. 
  I didn't want a large meal so I got what I wanted. 
  I liked having the veggie options instead of the rice or noodles. 
  And I also tried the chicken green beans. 
 cooked well. 
  I was pleasantly surprised. 


The food was awesome


FYI. 
. 
. 
 employees here are so nice. 
  My wife and I walked in the door and were treated like royalty. 
  Why can't all places take this same approach to customer service?

Anyways I was here today and usually they never make me wait for anything . 
 I guess a lot of people were here and they were out of two things I wanted so I decided to wait. 
 What I really liked is that when I went to pay the cashier attending me gave me a free drink because we decided to wait :) which was nice. 
 The only thing I could complain about is certain people who work there are always rushing me to choose what i want or if I ask for more than one sample :. 
 . 
 other than that I really love coming here. 








On a BAD day. 
. 
. 
. 
 you get staffs that likes to skimp and give you barely enough of an entree. 
  That's what happened to me today. 
 Today is Sunday and this place is ridiculously packed . 
. 
  There were like 3 servers on the food line and the 1st lady (American gal) seems pretty nice and doesn't skimp. 
 . 
 she was only at the beginning of the line. 
  She was pretty nice and even told me I can just take my time in deciding what i want. 
 and just tell the 2nd lady when I'm ready (while she proceeds to serve the next guest). 
 

The 2nd staff  (old Chinese lady) who worked at the main section of the food line. 
. 
. 
. 
 skimped. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
  

Previously I asked the 1st staff if they are making a new fresh batch of mushrm. 
 chicken. 
 she said yes. 
 I told her I'll wait. 
  After she volley me to the 2nd staff. 
 whom ignored what just happened and scoop the old batch before I can really say anything. 
. 
. 
. 
and even skimp on it. 
. 
. 
. 
 I left the store with a pretty bad taste. 
  I didn't want to make a big fuss. 
 cause there was a large line of ppl still waiting behind me. 
 . 
 this is definitely a HUGE turn off for me and I pretty much am force to deduct a star for them on yelp. 
 

the only thing Panda express is generous about in any given location is the amount of chow-mein they can cram in the box. 
 so they don't need to put as much entree. 
 


[Conclusion]
If you want to gamble on service or don't mind being skimped on. 
 then sure. 
 give this place a try. 
  Otherwise. 
 i think the La Habra location may be better. 





I got a two item with string bean chicken. 
 1. 
2 steamed rice and 1. 
2 freshly woked up veggies. 
  They must of just had a rush because everything in my combo was hot. 
 with crisp colorful veggies and good sauces. 
  I kept looking around the restaurant telling my boyfriend. 
 "I don't think we're in Panda anymore". 
  

Service was nice enough. 
 i didn't feel rushed and they welcomed us as we came in. 
  She offered up plenty of hot sauce. 
 mustard and soy sauce and she even gave me a side of mandarin sauce which I love to put on my rice. 
  All in all it was a successful trip to a chain fast food place. 
  Thank you Panda for making my Sunday great. 



I came here on a whim. 
 looking for some cheap grub on my way to the local piano bar. 
 and despite my gut feeling (and my bf). 
 we decided to dine here. 
 Now. 
 I've been to my fair share of PE's and I was never impressed. 
. 
. 
. 
 here? Friendly staff was a good start. 
 Food? Whoever the cooks are. 
 deserve a raise in pay. 
 The fried rice is good and even though I'm not usually a fan. 
 I've been nomming on the broccoli beef. 
 I don't normally eat broccoli. 
 . 
 it's just so good. 
. 
 And of course I have to top it off with the cream cheese ragoons. 
 If you aren't ordering these. 
 you're missing out. 
 Overall. 
 this Panda Express has exceeded my expectations and has set the bar for all other locations. 
 It's a little bit of a drive for me for something fast. 
 . 
 I'm willing to do it for this particular branch. 
 DE-LISH. 



            Vegan Sluts: you can eggplant w. 
 fried tofu and steamed veggies. 
 veggie eggrolls that will make your thighs like BAM. 
. 
. 
 white rice. 
 fried rice. 
 and brown rice to choose from

             Bastards: mandarin chicken. 
 mushroom chicken. 
 kung pao chicken. 
 raped black pepper chicken. 
 and S&M pot stickers

Everytime I come here there is a line to the door. 
 MOSTLY BECAUSE EVERYONE AND THEIR FAT ASS IS SAMPLING ORANGE CHICKEN AND HONEY WALNUT SHRIMP EVEN THO THEY CAME HERE BROCCOLI BEEF. 


If they are out of your entree while your in line with your tray. 
 they will have you pay and let you know when its ready. 
 Stay on these White wash azns ass because if you dont they will FORGET that ur order is ready since they are running around chopping FRESH VEGGIES and giving FREE SAMPLES. 
 

+ no msg
+ they speak english
+ fortune cookies
+ Vegan slut friendly
+ free samples for cattle. 
 i mean people. 




However. 
 the speed of service could be improved. 


-adequate parking
-great taste(consistent to other Panda Expresses)
-GREAT friendly service
-adequate seating



Downsides:
None

Overall:Do recommend


This has got to be one of. 
 if not. 
 the busiest PE in their chain. 
  I've just about always had an excellent experience. 
  Food is always reliable and service is typically exceptional and right on point. 
. 
. 
. 
swift. 
 accurate. 
 and bam bam bam. 
  I like that. 


I've catered from here as well and this experience wasn't perfect . 
 I have to admit it wasn't terrible. 
  There's always something to nit pick about if you're a winey brat. 
  :)

PS - Have you ever noticed your receipt?  I use it regularly now. 
  All you do is take your receipt. 
 log onto their website. 
 answer a handfull of questions and on your next visit you get a free entree with your 2 item order. 
  A 3 item for the price of a 2 item. 
  It's only a difference of $1. 
25 . 
 it feels good to get something right?








The large amounts of rice and noodles can make the meat  portion to appear small . 
 the portion size is on par with every other Panda Express and Pick Up Stix I've gone to. 
  I just ask for half the amount of starch and its still more than enough food. 






After all. 
 panda express food is the same . 
 the employees are so wonderful. 
 They are so nice. 
 greet you right as you come in and offer samples right away. 
 Every time I go. 
  I always get a sample of the walnut shrimp =) They are not stingy with the servings and the place is kept clean. 
 Not very crowded. 
 if lines are long. 
 they seem to move fast. 
 Oh and if you go there really late. 
 about 20 minutes before closing and if they are out of a side. 
  they will make a fresh serving just for you if you ask them =) . 
 there not like other Panda express where  they say sorry this is all we have and no we wont make orange chicken for you. 
 They recently just added 2 flavors of slushies. 
 I think one is pineapple  and orange and the other is cherry with pomegranate? I dont remember . 
 there pretty tasty. 
  My favorite panda express to go to. 





its really not good

if youre going to eat something. 
. 
. 
eat it right

thats why if i want american i go to mcdonalds and if i want chinese fast food. 
. 
. 
i save money to eat chinese how its meant to be eaten


However. 
 Panda looked so good as I was in the parking lot of this Fullerton shopping center. 
  It was after 9pm. 
 . 
 I knew I had to have some. 
   I asked for fresh Beijing Beef. 
  What was there was lacking any curb appeal. 
  The lady got really defensive saying it was just made and made me try it. 
  It tasted OK. 
 . 
 I knew with its crusty old look. 
 it had been sitting there for longer than my liking. 
  The tangy taste is sooooo good when fresh. 
 and you can't beat it. 

So. 
 after they refused to make any fresh. 
 I said OK. 
 I guess I'll take that since you're not going to make me any more. 
  The girl checking me out said that they would have made me more if it was earlier in the day. 
 . 
 they were trying to sell what they had as to not waste food. 
  REALLY PANDA?  You mean. 
 you'd force me to take your crusty old Beiing Beef in the name of cutting your waste. 
 instead of making a whole 3 ozs of the stuff fresh for me. 
 since I requested that?  
Biggest customer service fail ever. 
  I filled out your survey when I got to the car. 
 . 
 wasn't able to give an accurate take of your customer service fail. 
   I won't be coming to your location again. 
 unless you offer me a fresh serving of Beiing Beef - what I wanted in the first place. 
  

I hear Chick-Fil-A opened across the street from you today. 
  That's some stiff fast food competition for you my friends. 
    I will patronize Chick-fil-A instead. 
 since their customer service is AMAZING. 
  I can give up my once in a while Beijing Beef craving for chicken nuggets and buffalo sauce any time. 



