

Did you know you can order in advance and pick up from their pick-up area? Order. 
 pay. 
 in and out. 
 LOVE it. 
 

The staff here is super nice. 
 It seems to be a popular place for the Fullerton college kids to hang out too. 



PARKING
Plenty of parking in the plaza. 
 This location is on State College next to the KFC. 
 It's in the same plaza area as Thai Basil and Sharetea. 


INTERIOR. 
 EXTERIOR
Very similar layout to their other locations. 
 Stepping in. 
 you're greeted with beautiful displays of their delicious looking pastries up front. 
 They have many tables to the left of the register . 
 you might want to think again about dining in. 


MENU
I've previously only taken breakfast pastries or drinks to-go and this is my first time dining in at this location. 
 

The friend and I came by when we  saw that our original destination was closed. 
 We placed our order and sat down to wait for our food to come. 
 We got the Chinese Citrus Cashew Salad and their You Pick Two option. 
 getting their half-half Chipotle Chicken Avocado and Mac & Cheese. 
 Quite the regret upon the arrival of our food. 
 Instantly. 
 I noticed that my spoon was still stained and dirty - caked with last person's mysterious meal of whatever they ate. 
 So disgusting. 
 Appalled at the thought once again. 


The portion for the salad was generous . 
 I would not recommend their You Pick Two option unless you are ordering for a young child. 
 The plate looks empty and for $12. 
 it was not worth it at all. 
 However. 
 the sandwich itself was not bad. 


SERVICE
Service during my visit is probably the only thing that is saving this review. 
 The guy at the register is nice. 
 I am a little disappointed at the server because despite looking at our food as he brought it to us. 
 he neglected to see that both utensils (spoon and fork) were still dirty. 
 Even upon replacement. 
 many of the utensils were dirty and I felt disgusted trying to eat without touching any part of the spoon. 


Suggestion for management? Get your shit together. 
 No one wants to eat at a dirty place and while your pastries and food selections may be good. 
 I don't think I'd ever come back. 


I have moved on from that. 
 however. 
 and go to the Panera Bread at the Village in Orange almost every day just to do homework. 
 Their Wi-fi. 
 however. 
 is so slow. 
 and the wi-fi at the one in Brea kicks you off after 30 minutes. 
 and the one in Anaheim hills doesn't even work. 
. 
. 

Do you see how this can be frustrating for me?
Yesterday morning. 
 I was having the WORST study. 
stress. 
homework frustration and I just couldn't deal with that stupid Wi-fi at orange anymore. 
 So. 
 I hopped in my car. 
 picked up a Jamba Juice energy bowl. 
 and headed to this Fullerton location (which. 
 mind you. 
 is now 25 minutes from my home. 
. 
. 
) in hopes of good Wi-fi and a bagel because I was so frustrated. 
 Well. 
 the stupid mobile app was not working for me. 
 so I called the store. 
 because if they were out of blueberry bagels. 
 I was literally going to lose it. 
 
Thank the Lord that the woman who answered my call. 
 Pearla. 
 was the manager and so understanding of all my issues. 
. 
. 
. 
 Long story short. 
 when I arrived. 
 Pearla had my bagel ready with my 2 sides of cream cheese. 
 and even honored my mobile-app-only coupon. 
 She also let me keep my outside food (which you are apparently not allowed??. 
. 
. 
. 
) 
The Wi-fi worked perfectly. 
 and Pearla really brightened my stressed. 
 gloomy (it was raining) day. 
 So. 
 despite the further drive. 
 I guess this will be my new Panera-study spot. 
 

Good job. 
 Panera. 
 Maybe you really are overall improving. 


PS- I REALLY wanted a good bagel from Avalon. 
 because. 
 from what I remembered. 
 Panera's bagels were no good. 
 
This was extremely inaccurate. 
 That was one of the best blueberry bagels I ever had. 
 and the entire time I debated buying a second. 
. 
. 
 It was so soft and berry-filled. 
 The wild blueberry and honey-walnut cream cheeses were heavenly. 
 as well. 
 This could become an addiction. 
 Panera Bread. 
. 
. 




- I ordered my food online. 
 as I was going here on my lunch break and wanted to go in and out as quickly as possible. 

- The online order gave an order ready time which was approximately 15 minutes. 

- I showed up 3 minutes early. 
 just in case it was already ready and I could get back to work. 
 It wasn't ready of course. 

- I waited 25 minutes. 
 TWENTY. 
 FIVE. 
 MINUTES. 
 AFTER my order was supposed to be ready. 
 Everyone around me who was also there to pick up an online order were not getting their orders either. 
 About 5 people asked for their money back and another 3 people went up to the front. 

- I finally went up to the front and asked how much longer it would be for my order which was supposed to have been ready 25 minutes prior. 
 and they searched for my order. 
 printed it out. 
 and then fulfilled the order. 
 
- I wasted my entire lunch at this place waiting on my order. 
 NOPE. 
 

I have FINALLY learned from my mistake. 
 I guess third times a charm. 


To me there is no more important values than fairness. 
 equality. 
 understanding. 
 justice. 
 community. 
 To respect each others humanity. 
 Rich or poor. 
 our behavior should decide how we're treated. 
 This type of behavior can not be over looked. 



The food is what you would expect at any other location and the layout is very similar to many other Panera locations. 


Always had a decent selection of bagels available and the pastries were what you would expect. 


The employees at this location are very friendly and offer samples an suggestions. 


The restaurant and restrooms were always tended and there was always seating available. 


Can't really give less than 5 stars. 
 The food was what you would expect. 
 the location is clean. 
 well stocked. 
 and the staff is friendly so there's no real reason not to come unless you just don't like Panera. 



#86. 
100


We came back today. 
 and apparently the internet is still "spotty" to the point where we couldn't connect at all. 
 This is a week later. 
 They couldn't get someone out to fix the internet in that time? A place like Panera? That's ridiculous. 




I was trying to go for something a little more healthy and this popped up when I searched for salads. 
  For starters. 
 I was attended very politely and the cashiers were very patient as well. 
  I went with the Chicken Soba Noodle Salad. 
 . 
 they also offered it with peanut sauce too. 
  Adding the peanut sauce was shown as a new edition to their menu and I contemplated on getting it. 
  In the end I choose to not get the sauce and one of the employees offered to exchange my salad for something else if I didn't like it. 
  I choose a french baguette to side with the salad and that was free so nice perk right there. 


One thing I noticed was that I had no idea when my order was done. 
  I didn't hear my name called and so they could work on that. 
  Okay so the salad I got looked pretty good. 
 . 
 for $7. 
29 its not that filling. 


Nice fancy box. 
 there were more noodles than greens. 
 Some bits of carrots. 
 spinach. 
 chicken and a whole lot of noodles. 
  This particular salad that I got started off good and went sour quick. 
  It tasted like they drenched the salad with vinegar. 
  By the time I was almost done I saw the spinach at the very bottom of the box practically soaked. 
  It left an unpleasant aftertaste. 
. 
. 
to much of that dressing. 


Price- Alright
Service- Average
Food- Decent


I don't want two free meals. 
 I want service. 
 I want a place that cares about making things right. 
 You would think they would make the effort to make it right. 
 and today not tomorrow. 
 How long can it possibly take. 
 What am I suppose to tell the person that didn't get there meal in our group? Maybe I'm just upset. 
 and more upset that I counted the boxes to make sure I didn't have the same issue I had in the past. 
 But instead I got the right number of boxes. 
 just not the correct items. 



I usually get their salads or Turkey Panini. 
 For dessert. 
 I usually get their Toffee cookies. 
 Tried their Pecan Bun for the first time cause it looked good. 
  However. 
 I was not impressed. 
 it was really hard. 
 I only took a bite and threw it away. 
  I also tried their Chicken Soup for the first time and didn't like it either. 
 Honestly. 
 Denny's has better Chicken noodle Soups. 
  If you like Brocolli Soups. 
 I heard it's pretty good. 
 . 
 not my cup of tea. 
  Should've stuck with my usuals. 


Tips: Join their Rewards Program and get rewarded accordingly. 
 If you order a drink. 
 you can get a dessert for $1. 
29 (good deal)

Price: 3. 
5
Cleanliness: 4. 
5
Quality: 3. 
5
Atmosphere: 5. 
5
Customer Service: 5. 
5


Would recommend for a quick bite. 
 Not too fancy. 
 quiet. 
 and a lot of college students hanging around to study. 
 . 
 that's fine. 




As a previous employee of Panera. 
 I thought this location was quite lacking in service. 
 Even I didn't treat my own customers rude. 


The service was not terrible. 
 However. 
 every time I go to this location in comparison to the Costa Mesa or Huntington Beach. 
Westminster location. 
 none of the workers seem friendly. 
  Even if I had a bad day or didn't feel like being there. 
 at least I faked a smile to make someone else's day. 
 Tables are not cleared and wiped clean that I do it myself. 
 I don't normally come during rush hours so I don't get why it's not kept to expectations. 
 Also. 
 the managers need to be friendlier at the registers (you can spot them in black. 
maroon dress shirts. 
) They just wanna take your order and shoo you away instantly. 
 They're even worse at customer service than their associates. 


Breakfast recommendation: asiago bacon egg and cheese. 
 If you like a kick. 
 swap out the asiago bagel for a jalapeno cheddar bagel. 


Salad recommendation: BBQ chicken salad

Soup recommendation: summer corn chowder (only from June-August though :( )


Was here on a Friday night and ordered a sandwich and a bowl of mac and cheese. 
 My mac and cheese was luke warm around the outside and cold in the middle. 
 I notified one of the bus boys in the dining area and he pointed out that there was a microwave near by that I could use to re-heat it and that they couldn't take the mac and cheese back to the kitchen. 
 He then offered to walk the bowl of mac and cheese to the microwave and reheat it for me. 
 . 
 he really should've made me a new one. 
 Shortly after we left I had sharp pains in my stomach. 
 etc. 

     The place was disheveled and the staff were all college kids standing around talking in a group of 4 with their regular clothes on and one of them wearing their back pack. 
 A solicitor came in with a sign that said any donation helps and would go to each table and bother patrons. 
 The bus boy called over his supervisor to make him leave and when she arrived it was a joke. 
 She was wearing a flannel and jeans and telling the solicitor he's not allowed to do this and she was going to escort him outside. 
 One of the patrons in the dining room gave him her French baguette. 


     I would avoid this Panera location like the Plague because you'll get the Plague since they don't cook their food at the proper temperature. 
 offer to make the situation right and cause gastrointestinal distress. 





Usually I'm a fan of Panera. 
 But this time I was so incredibly disappointed. 
 I came here with my boyfriend for dinner. 
 Every time we come he gets a "you pick 2" with the Mac and Cheese. 
 
Since he gets the same thing every time. 
 we know what the portion size like like. 
 When they brought us our food everything was in order. 
 . 
 there was about 4 views of Mac and Cheese in his bowl. 
 Usually it is filled just under the line on the bowl. 
 This was no where near what you should pay $5 for. 
 
We talked to the employees about it . 
 they denied it being a smaller portion than usual. 
 
One employee have us a free pastry. 
 . 
 I'm sad to say that can't compensate the 75 cent with of Mac and Cheese that we paid $5 for. 





The sandwiches were thrown together. 
  No bread bowls for soup. 
 No ice for drinks. 
 Employees don't seem to care. 
 It was dirty. 





List of offenses:

1. 
 Long waits. 
. 
. 
one person ahead of me and the cashier struggles consistently. 
. 
. 
I just want a coffee. 
 Usually the struggle is explaining why they don't have "X" item. 


2. 
 Constantly out of menu items. 
. 
. 
pastries. 
 soups. 
 and even bevarages

3. 
 Failure to complete online order. 
 just simply didn't put it out for rapid pick-up. 
. 
. 
again and again

4. 
 Wrong items and missing items. 
 Oh you didn't want chicken on your salad. 
. 
. 
let me just pick it off for you. 
. 
. 
That was real a response I got once. 
 Gross. 


5. 
 Dirty tables. 
. 
. 
everywhere. 
. 
. 
again gross. 


6. 
 Cold things that should be warm and warm things steaming. 
. 
. 
. 
soup-cold-very cold- sandwich steaming hot. 
. 
. 
what???



Not only does Panera excel at salads and made-in-house dressings. 
 . 
 their paninis ROCK. 
 as in they're awesome. 
 and their baked desserts are almost magical. 
 I'm not much of a sweet tooth so I really enjoy their lightly fresh-baked cookies and breads. 


Service here is usually great and friendly. 
 I enjoy being a customer here and support their cleanly cafe-type ambiance. 
 

The food is great. 
 service is good. 
 and you can feel free to spend some extra time here. 
 They won't mind :)




We were greated with big. 
 genuine smiles when we walked in and that friendly attitude stayed the whole day. 
  
Honestly (and this is the sad part). 
 I had a hard time accepting that people were so nice. 
  I live in costa mesa and I guess I've gotten used to ppl being somewhere btwn indifferent and mildly rude. 
  This kindness took me by surprise. 
   What confirmed the genuineness for me was Chris (manager? If not. 
 should be. 
. 
) who went put of his way to check on me and my friend and to make us feel welcomed. 


Great experience. 
    While I can't say I'll be enthusiastic about other Paneras. 
 I do know that I'll gladly return to this location. 
  (Probably this Monday when we meet up to study again lol)

Great work Fullerton Panera team. 








Prices are reasonable. 
 food tasty. 
  My daughter got stomach issues after eating a tuna salad sandwich there. 
 I don't know if it was the tuna. 
 . 
 suspicious. 


An hour. 




Then when we got our food I ordered the lentil quinoa broth bowl it was only 1. 
4th of the way full and did not have quinoa or lentils instead had brown rice . 
 no one let us know. 
 Definitely lost my business. 





The food however. 
 is still good. 
 I really like their Mac and cheese . 
 I hate that it's +$5 for a tiny bowl. 


Overall. 
 good food. 
 sometimes unreasonably expensive. 
 with subpar service (at least this location). 







Panera's brand is characterized by so many things - colors. 
 quality. 
 and the glorious smell when you walk in. 
  Reminds me of Hershey. 
 PA. 
  Blindfolded you could guess you're in a Panera. 
  

In this location. 
 3 staff members busy handing inventory sprang to their registers the moment 3 customers approached the counter. 
 Ah. 
 training. 
  Smile. 
. 
. 
 greet the customer. 
. 
. 
be quick lest the bread go stale while you look for the right . 
ton. 
  All good. 
 And the breakfast sandwiches are good. 
 too. 
 

And I love to see the CSUF students filling up the place. 
 busy practicing their craft. 
 Adorable. 
  Oh. 
 and about the 30 minute cap on internet -- be glad you can sit it a manicured palace with $3 muffins and that's the worse to complain about. 




The service was not terrible. 
 However. 
 every time I go to this location in comparison to the location on Rosecrans. 
 none of the workers seem friendly. 
 I would say a large sum of them reflect that they do not enjoy their job. 
 In addition. 
 their Rapid Pick Up Order system fails. 
 I was doing a pickup & I was going to pay on the counter & they were unable to find my order in the computer. 
 After that was settled. 
 they were wondering where my physical order was placed. 
 It was just very disorganized. 
 

Lastly. 
 the parking with 5 Mins for Rapid Pick Up. 
 60 Mins Parking. 
 & Non-Labeled Parking is such a hassle. 
 I understand that CSUF students may be trying to park at Panera . 
 there is already an enormous amount of signs for CSUF Parking on top of these timed choices. 
 

This location is close to CSUF. 
 Troy. 
 Fullerton College & many other schools so I wouldn't deny the convenience of it's location . 
 there are room for improvements. 


And its an amazing meal. 
 thats why they get 4-stars. 



Ever since I've only had good experiences with the location. 
 I ordered pick up and they were out of the cookie I wanted so I picked another cookie and they added an extra cookie in there for me. 
 
Another time I wanted a while for a cashier to figure something out on the register and she gave me a free drink while I waited. 
 Customer service there is great and I haven't had any issues with my food at all. 
 

A+ for improvement. 




I usually get the "You Pick Two" combo with a sandwich and salad. 
 Their signature salads are amazing. 
 And their sandwiches are pretty bomb too. 
 I love how the servers make sure that you're enjoying your meal and even offer to get you water. 



I love the broccoli cheddar soup. 
 I almost always order it with a half sandwich or a salad. 
 The salad I like the most was the Asian sesame salad. 
 it had a nice flavor and wasn't drowned in dressing. 
 The bread I order on the side with my soup is delicious. 
 it super soft and tastes really fresh. 
 The food also comes out pretty quickly which is always a plus. 
 

Panera is a little on the expensive side though. 
 Just a salad with a cup of soup and a small drink was just over $15 bucks. 
 which is a little high in my opinion when it's not really a sit down dinner kind of place. 
 You can sit and eat there obviously . 
 you don't have a server and you get your own drinks. 




The last few times I've gone to this Panera Bread have been negative experiences though. 


I ordered a smoothie from them one morning. 
 and since I'm part of their rewards program. 
 I got an offer for a free smoothie. 
 so I figured "Why not try it out then. 
" I'm a big fan of smoothies by the way. 
 . 
 what this Panera Bread had to offer was terrible. 
 It was very clear that they used some sort of powder to mix this drink together. 
 especially considering that after each sip I took. 
 I could feel the texture of the leftover powder on my tongue and the roof of my mouth. 
 There was this weird chemical-like taste from the powder as well. 
 Absolutely disgusting. 
 I'm so glad I got that smoothie for free. 
 Not sure if all their other smoothies are like that as well. 
 . 
 I guess it's safe to just stay away from ordering any of their smoothies. 


Their hot chocolate tends to be hit-or-miss. 
 It used to taste great when I first started getting them from Panera. 
 . 
 the last few times have been a bit bland. 
. 
. 
 almost like water with SLIGHT chocolate flavor. 
 Quite disappointing. 
 I end up getting my hot chocolate from Starbucks now for a slightly more pricey cost. 
 . 
 it's still worth every penny. 


I haven't had many of their pastries just yet. 
 I used to get their croissants in the past though. 
 . 
 I just stopped because I started realizing how greasy they were. 
 With each bite. 
 oil or grease would fill my mouth. 
 Quite nasty. 
 They would taste rather old as well - the croissant. 


The last time I went to Panera (last month). 
 I ordered their iced green tea. 
 and it was like drinking syrup. 
. 
. 
 maybe even Kool-Aid. 
 It tasted good. 
 of course. 
 . 
 I was still hoping for the green tea taste as well. 


I guess at this point. 
 this place isn't hit-or-miss at all for me for the past few months. 
 Their food and drinks are awful. 
 I've never tried their sandwiches before though. 
 . 
 having gone this far with their services. 
 I probably won't even try their sandwiches. 


Kind of regret putting quite a bit of money into this place now. 
. 


What gets a thumbs up from me. 
 though. 
 is the staff. 
 I've come across nothing . 
 friendly employees at this place. 
 There's this one girl who works there who often looks rather pissed at the customers though. 
 . 
 other than that. 
 most everyone there are very sweet. 


*Vacant tables were not bussed or cleaned. 
 
*Tons of Cal State Fullerton students with Pieology boxes. 
 Burger King bags and Chipotle wrappers sitting in the nicest seats or bigger tables. 
 Not even patrons of Panera. 
 WTH?
*No soap in the women's restroom
*Dirty sinks in the women's restroom
*Floors in main room needed to be mopped. 

*Our order of a chicken caesar salad was missing chicken. 

*There were plenty of staff standing around texting or chit chatting 

Corporate needs to hire a seasoned Manager older than 35 to manage this site. 
 The chirpy Manager seemed more concerned with being everyone's friend and being positive than adhering to the healthcode standards or cleanliness or managing staff. 
 Won't be back



The chicken soup is my favorite. 
 with an apple and iced tea. 
 I get hungry again about three hours later. 
 If timed just right. 
 I eat dinner about five hours later. 
 this gives me the two hours of hunger I need to maintain a decent shape. 
 If timed incorrectly. 
 I tend to get hangry. 
 Watchout. 



I decided that since they were so close by. 
 I'd give them another couple of shots lol. 
  The food remains pretty much the same. 
 though they seemed to have fixed the whole cold soup issue I had with them. 
  Their creamy tomato soup is delish. 


Service remains hit or miss. 
  Sometimes I get stuck with a cashier that has a constipated. 
 pissy look on her face. 
 and I know I'm going to have to beg the heavens above for patience. 
  I order. 
 I'm done with her and then hope I never have to order from her again. 


Then there are the girls that cashier and have painted smiles on their frowny faces. 
  Sad. 
 . 
 tolerable. 
 and I smile brightly at them as I place my order. 
  This is the service that I get most of the time. 


Once in a great while. 
 the deities smile upon me and make the experience a pleasant one by providing a cashier who actually does give a fack about her impact on the customer service issue. 


I still like the twofer deal with half a sammich and a cup of soup for around $8 and you can currently add a pastry for $1 if you want. 
 to your order. 


I'll keep coming back as long as I live in the area and it's a 5 minute walk for me . 
)



This location specifically has a 30 min parking limit right in front of the parking spaces. 
 So if you would like to stay past 30 minutes I guess you would have to move your car again. 
 

When you walk inside you get greeted with people taking your order and placing it. 
 Once you order they will give you a number to put on your table. 
 Well my food came out before I even was able to get my drink. 
 I ordered a iced coffee doesn't sound to bad to do. 
 They just have to give me a cup of ice and I fill it with the coffee. 


Well the coffee container was empty and they said it would only take a few minutes. 
 It took so long that my food came out and the server was trying to find me. 
 But of course I was just waiting. 
 and waiting. 
 

I don't think I will be back to this one. 
 Most places will notice when the coffee is out and be able to fill it up fast. 
. 
. 
Come on. 
. 


My friend waited about 20 minutes for her food and I waited with her to be polite. 
 Turns out they "lost her ticket. 
" HOW DOES THAT EVEN HAPPEN. 
 
And before that. 
 when we were ordering our "You Pick 2" items. 
 Anthony (the manager) didn't even give me a choice between bread or chips. 
 
THIS IS HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT. 
 Did you guys purposely discriminate because we were college kids? Or because we were Asian? Because the other Caucasian people in the restaurant had a splendid experience. 



One week in particular troubled me. 


Monday: Ordered a Veggie Soup and Greek Salad. 
 Greek Salad came out with chicken (which is an upcharge). 
  Slightly annoyed since I didn't order with chicken. 
 . 
 ate it anyways. 


Tuesday: Ordered a Greek Salad. 
 specified no chicken. 
 The girl at the counter let me know it doesn't come with chicken so I don't have to specify it. 
  Hmm. 
 Okay. 
 maybe it was a one time screw up. 


Wednesday: Ordered a Veggie Soup and Caesar Salad. 
  Salad comes out with chicken. 
 Where is the girl from yesterday?  Apparently she's the expert on salads and chicken. 
 Maybe she can help me. 


Thursday: Ordered a Tomato Soup and Side Salad. 
  Look at my receipt. 
. 
. 
 it has a Tomato Soup and a Corn Chowder. 
  Point out error to cashier. 
 she says she'll correct it. 
. 
. 
 food comes out and it's Corn Chowder. 
  Just Corn Chowder. 
 I'm confused. 


Friday: I go somewhere else because the line during the lunch rush isn't worth having to wait for them to fix my order. 


For reals. 
 guys. 
 Soup and salad. 
 I just want my soup and salad. 
 Sigh. 





The only thing I'd probably recommend from here is their bread. 
 I always buy their Asiago loaf. 
 It's one of my favorites. 
 I'll never get sick of it. 
 Their pastries are pretty good too. 
 I'm a fan of their turnovers. 


Overall. 
 I prefer their bread loaves over their actual food. 
 . 
 that's just this location. 
 I have yet to try out their other locations. 
 so I wouldn't really know. 



it was a salad. 
 and it was just okay. 
 
Balsamic reduced fat dressing was good. 

Ask for allergen menu. 
 if needed. 
 The manager was a little hasty. 
 Here's how our conversation went:

Me: "Do you have an allergen menu I could look at?"
Him: "What can't you eat?"
Me: "Gluten. 
 dairy. 
. 
 -"
- I was interrupted - 
Him: "We don't have anything without gluten. 
 Sorry" 
He was so dismissive. 
. 
. 
 sheesh. 
. 
. 

Me: "Even your salads?"
Him: "Oh" - realizing his mistake- "it depends on the salad"
Well. 
. 
. 
. 
duh. 
 So he finally gave up an allergen menu and I had a few options that I could pick from. 
 
Salad was just okay so 3 stars. 
 . 
 minus 1 more for the manager's sauciness. 



I'm writing a review today based on service here. 
 On Saturdays. 
 I so the rapid pick up and order online. 
 When I picked up the food today. 
 I really don't expect to interact with employees since I'm going in and out. 

Today. 
 however. 
 on my way out. 
 a tall gentleman working and cleaning outside stopped as I stepped out and greeted me. 
 "have a nice day. 
 sir. 
" 

That's awesome excellent service. 
 A small greeting goes a long way. 
 and rest assured I'm going to be a frequent customer here. 
 

I picked up my food today at 12:30pm. 
 so whichever tall gentleman was working and cleaning outdoors at that time. 
 give that man a raise. 
 Haha

Would I go again?  Probably. 
 for a quick afternoon coffee and pastry break with the family. 





While I can say I understand - I can also tell Panera that you are alienating people who can easily cross the street to a Bux where their time is not metered. 


Best thing about this location (other than the usual rah-rah I would add about Panera's food. 
drink) is it's huge and the staff don't bother you if you're there for hours working on a project. 
  Which is great . 
-)




Sometimes group members of the big tables can make a lot noise. 
 
I have no idea about their food or products they sell. 
 Only thing that i order from there is strawberry smoothy . 
 Trust me it is gonna relax when you study there. 


-Had to clean my own table
-No ports to connect computer
-Internet logged me off after 30 minutes and I lost all my progress. 
 (The employee I asked couldn't care less). 



Good soup. 
 sandwiches. 
 and salad. 
 If you come as frequently as I do. 
 make sure you get the rewards cards to collect points and get yourself a free pastry or drink. 
 Friendly workers. 
 Lots of parking space. 
 if not in the front. 
 plenty in the back. 
 Walkable from the CSUF campus. 
 Great spot for studying between classes and. 
or a quick and kind-of-cheap lunch. 
 They got a soda fountain so you can sit here for the whole day refilling your soda. 
 Just saying. 



The food is great. 
 granted. 
 it might be a little bit on the overpriced side. 
 I love their pumpkin spice lattes in the fall. 
 red velvet cookies. 
 and most of their various other baked goods. 
 Otherwise. 
 I usually just stick to a you pick 2 with a caesar salad and a sierra turkey sandwich. 


Be forewarned though. 
 I once came here with my fiancee. 
 and he ordered a Mediterranean veggie sandwich. 
 and it was pretty much just bread with a little bit of veggies. 



We ordered a refillable soft drink and a muffin to share. 
  The muffin was as good as at any other Panera. 
 which isn't a bad thing. 
  Might have considered eating a meal . 
 everything seemed pricey compared to other restaurants nearby. 


Stayed just about an hour then figured we should leave due to the parking signs. 
  The wifi was very fast compared to most of the Paneras I've been to and there were lots and lots of seats. 
  Probably due to the parking restrictions. 






Came during lunch and ordered for my brother and mom. 
 we got:
* chicken tortellini Alfredo- the chicken was shredded and looked almost like tuna salad. 
 My brother didn't like it. 
 and he eats  anything. 
 That's when I know a place is lacking. 
 
*Smokehouse turkey panini- my mom got the smokehouse. 
 The bread wasn't crunchy enough to be called a panini. 
 There was an overwhelming amount of some tangy barbecue tasting sauce that drenched through the already squishy bread. 
 
*Frontega chicken panini with a side of Caesar salad- I did the pick 2 combo. 
 The side salad was so small and they didn't even fill the box up. 
 how expensive is it to add some more lettuce into a box that fits in the palm of my hand? My panini had grill marks on it. 
 . 
 wasn't crunchy at all. 
 Either they're making the sandwiches and leaving them out to sit. 
 or they don't know how to use a panini press. 
 The Frontega also had too much of a creamy sauce that overpowered my tomatoes and chicken. 
 I felt like I was eating a mayonnaise sandwich. 
 gross. 


Ultimately the food here isn't quality and their panini's aren't even crunchy. 
 their portions don't level with their prices. 
 I'd rather drive 10minuted down the street to have corner bakery in downtown brea. 



By the way. 
 Panera has the best chai tea. 
 It's always a must for me. 
 Perfectly sweet and milky. 
 Great hot or cold. 





Since this website is all about the review of FOOD. 
. 
. 
 let me get right down to it. 


Breadbowls are my favorite. 
  Their bread is fresh and delicious. 
 and the perfect combination with their soups. 
  My fall back soup is the chicken noodle - . 
 my all-time favorite is the Cream of Chicken and Wild Rice. 
  It has this amazing flavor that goes beautifully with the bread. 
. 
. 
 and leaves me wanting more. 
  They only have that soup on Tuesday. 
Thursday. 
Sunday. 
 so all the other days I will get the Chicken Noodle. 
  The Turkey Bravo is also a good sandwich. 
 . 
 when I come here. 
 I come for the soup. 
  It is a good price for all the bread you get. 
 and it truly is delicious - especially on a cold day. 
  

The Cerritos location has the electronic GPS table locater. 
 and I think this location needs to pick up on that. 
. 
. 
 . 
 the service is fairly prompt. 



Finally. 
 your patience pays off and you see an opening. 
 You quickly gather your stuff with both arms and head towards the goal. 
 Inwardly. 
 you're racing towards that table. 
 Outwardly. 
 you're trying to move as quickly as you can without looking like you care. 
 You can't lose your cool. 
 you're almost there. 
 You sit. 
 you plug. 
 you win. 


Nintendo never came up with Plug Hunt. 
 I did. 
 Why they're making the millions and not me I'll never know. 
  

Some time later. 
 after I've settled into my castle. 
 a girl apologizes looking slightly embarrassed and asks me if she can just set her laptop on one of my chairs so she can use the outlet next to it. 
 I decided to share my conquest with the less fortunate. 
 Apparently. 
 another way to win Plug Hunt is to make an ally. 
 Genius. 
  

Somewhere amidst the excitement. 
 I also had some food. 
 For the third time at the third Panera. 
 a bowl of soup came out when I ordered the cup. 
 However. 
 the difference this time was that I was only charged for the cup and got the bowl. 
 I'm an honest person. 
 . 
 I really doubt they would want to scoop 4 oz. 
 of soup from my bowl back into their pot so I just ate it all. 
 The baked potato soup had many chunks of potato in it and was probably the most filling soup I've had there. 


Last time I was here. 
 the side baguette was borderlining burnt. 
 This time. 
 it didn't have that nice crisp on the outside that I've come to expect from Panera. 
 I think the bread at the Huntington Beach location just tastes better. 
 or maybe I'm just imagining. 
 . 
 it would be strange to imagine something like that. 


It's probably useful to know they enforce the "peak hours" rule here. 
 From 11:30-1:30 and 5:30-7:30. 
 your internet time is limited to 30 minutes. 
 I understand why they do this. 
 After all. 
 the place is teeming with college students. 
 most likely from Cal State Fullerton a block down. 
 I'm sure Plug Hunt was a clue to how crowded this place gets. 
 But I did partially choose Panera over other places because of wi-fi access. 
 and it's annoying to not be able to use it. 
   

The food was decent. 
 . 
 Plug Hunt isn't something I want to play all the time. 
 and 30-Minute Surfing with Panera isn't my favorite show either. 
 Of course. 
 if you're there for the sole purpose of eating or drinking. 
 have an 8-hr. 
 battery for your laptop. 
 or perhaps brought something old-school like a book. 
 you shouldn't run into any problems. 



This place is right by my school. 
 so I come here to study from time to time. 
 The last time I was here. 
 I was telling the cashier that I was a little chilly. 
 and she kindly informed me that they have a nice fireplace in the middle of their dining area. 
 Who knew? PERFECT study spot. 
 I was nice and toasty. 
 Thanks for the suggestion. 


For the amount of traffic this location gets. 
 this place is pretty clean and speedy. 


I love that I am suggested to try new things and that employees are incredibly knowledge about their food. 
 I trust them wholeheartedly and I've never been disappointed. 


When we got the order they brought the wrong pastry. 
 The same coffee lady delivered it. 
 We told her it was wrong. 
 She came back and basically tossed it at us in a bag. 
 20 min later my client goes and checks the coffee still no coffee. 
 What a disappointing experience. 


Maybe coffee lady was having a bad day . 
 still. 
. 
. 
be cool. 




Specifics:
Frontega Chicken is consistently tolerable. 

Cuban Chicken is salty. 

Smokehouse Turkey is good. 

Chipotle Chicken is good. 

Mac and Cheese is uncomfortable comfort food. 

Thai Chicken salad is by far the worst salad I've ever had. 

Chicken Cobb comes tossed in a weak and oily vinaigrette. 
 
Steak bits are impotent. 

Mango smoothie is decent. 

Coffee is decent. 

Tea selection is poor with only two "normal" teas (Green and Earl Grey). 

Shortbread and Toffee cookies are good. 

Brownie is a brick. 


Generalities:
Salads over all are disappointing. 

Soups are poorly balanced and often too salty. 

Dining area is only mildly littered. 

Bathrooms is filthy. 

Service is minimum wage quality. 

Order accuracy is good if you don't mind repeating yourself five or six times. 

Pastries are old and dry and if you want anything warmed up. 
 "The microwave is over there behind you. 
"

Yeah. 
. 
. 
. 
no. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 



Every time I go. 
 I get something different. 
 They have a wide variety and I have yet to be disappointed. 


The cashiers could use some courses in hospitality though. 
 They're not rude by any means. 
 However. 
 they're not warm and welcoming either. 


All in all. 
 a convenient spot for me to sit down. 
 brainstorm. 
 and grab a quick bite. 




Then the cravings for the sesame simanola bread took over and I could no longer resist. 
  I don't come here more than a few times a year. 
  I only order 1 thing. 
 the same thing every time. 
  Tuna sandwich on. 
 you guessed it. 
 sesame simanola bread. 
  The tuna is not low fat. 
 . 
 it is really chunky and great with the brown mustard they use. 
  My mom and I both love the Fuji Apple Chicken salad. 
 it is realllly good. 
  Just getting a salad does not fill me up enough for the price or amount of calories it comes with. 
  The "you pick 2" option is great for my mom. 
 . 
 I just stick with the whole sandwich because it is the most filling. 
  I do have to say that the portion sizes for the pick 2 option have gotten bigger (or at least it looks like it has. 
 . 
 knowing how this place deceives people it could just be an optical illusion) which is nice. 
   

I understand the appeal this place has for some people. 
 . 
 I refuse to give them my business more than a few times a year. 
 and only if Piology is too busy first. 





-=-Iced Chai Tea Latte-=- Not the greatest. 
 Drinkable. 
 . 
 not overly suite. 
 Almost tasted like there was soy in there. 


-=-Apple Crunch Muffin-=- It's a muffin. 
 It ain't a Costco muffin. 
 because we all know that those are the BEST. 



I knew exactly what I wanted and I knew it would taste ok. 
  I was hungry and I was too lazy to go eat so a night sandwich pick-up was perfect. 


The workers were friendly and they helped me right away. 
  Free wi-fi too. 
. 


3. 
5 stars. 
. 


Panera Bread is yummylicious. 
. 





MInimal outlets. 
 . 
 with a full battery you can get your grub on and java-fi (coffee with free wifi). 


I found both the quality of the food and the service to be inconsistant here. 

Sometimes the staff is great. 
 and sometimes they are not. 
 The coffee is aok and is probably the only thing that I have found to be consistant. 


If I am in the area. 
 and I need to Java-fi. 
 I come here over the starbucks across the street. 


AOK. 



I wouldn't suggest getting the pasta if you want a filling meal. 
  It's $6-7 for a really small bowl of pasta. 
  We go the Tortellini Alfredo. 
 It was honestly a let down. 


I've tried the chocolate chip cookies and M&M cookies. 
 and both are pretty large and super delicious. 


I only took off one star because it's a little expensive. 
 and I didn't like the size of the pasta bowl. 
  Once. 
 I ended up paying about $22 for lunch for me and my brother. 
  But if you really want quality food and don't mind too much about costs. 
 go here. 
  So delicious. 


There's free wifi. 
 . 
 unfortunately if you go during lunchtime or dinnertime. 
 they usually only allow you to surf for 30 minutes since those are the busiest times of the day. 




A $9 "steak" and blue cheese sandwich consists of cold cut deli meat style beef. 
 that is not steak. 
  I can go to the Habit and get a real steak sandwich for $5 that's way way better. 


Soup in a bread bowl. 
  Bread was ok. 
 . 
 it's a bakery. 
 shouldn't it be great?  Soup tasted like from a can. 


Never going back. 
  Why is place always so crowded?  Free wifi?




What turned me off so much was an obvious attitude of disrespect toward the employees. 
 This lady would yell from her table to the register "HEY. 
 Is there a line?" " Hey (insert employee name). 
 COME HERE. 
"

First of all. 
 I'm trying to study. 
 so please stop yelling across the restaurant. 
 It's distracting and annoying. 


Second of all. 
 I'm pretty sure your rude behavior is in no way motivating to the staff. 
 In fact. 
 I wouldn't be surprised if they were all quietly wishing they could quit at that moment in time. 
 

One of the conversations. 
 I was oh-so-privileged to hear (note: sarcasm):
Rude corporate lady: Where is (insert some place)?
Employee: Oh. 
 it's past the DMV. 
 
Rude corporate lady: That means absolutely nothing to me. 

Employee: It's kinda far. 
 . 
 it's past the DMV. 

Rude corporate lady: Really. 
 that means absolutely nothing to me. 
 Do you think I'm familiar with this area because I'm not. 
 Tell me something that actually means something to me. 


Granted. 
 the employee should have been more location specific on the second try. 
 . 
 there's no reason to talk down to another human being like this. 
 

As a fairly frequent patron. 
 the service has always been superb. 
 And you. 
 rude corporate lady. 
 totally ruined it for this Panera. 
 I was on the verge of telling her off to her face. 
 But like the coward I am. 
 I decided to save it for the eyes of Yelp. 




Best thing here for me is the caesar salad. 
 since the dressing always makes the salad. 

As a panera card member. 
 random freebies are the awards. 
 and today. 
 i was looking at the cranberry orange smoothie that was hanging from the ceiling and the cashier said my freebie today was a free drink. 
 and I chose the smoothie. 
 Because I don't like the taste of yogurt too much. 
 this was a bad choice. 
 which was more yogurt than cranberry or oranges. 

Anyways. 
 good place to study. 
 eat. 
 and chat. 
 . 
 pretty pricey for the taste and quality. 






I like the bagels here in Panera. 
 definitely recommend the cinnamon flavor. 
 The price of each bagel is a bit higher than a regular bagel. 
 If you care about the price. 
 then you definitely don't want to get bagels here. 
 But I like how I can spend time reading my books. 
 using internet with just a purchase of a bagel + coffee. 
I think it's worth of the price. 


I would want to recommend the spinach souffle for breakfast. 
 it was good. 
 not too much for a breakfast. 
 This is the only thing that i ate most of the time when I visit Panera. 



great staff. 





The staff are good. 
 and the restaurant is clean. 
  This location has many customers who are students so they get very busy. 
  Many of the students study here as well. 
  

It is not the best Panera location. 
 . 
 they are worth checking out. 



The soup was good though. 
. 
. 




The food is good. 
 . 
 not 21 dollars for a two lunches good. 


I'll stick to Corner Bakery. 




I was intrigued by some of their breakfast sandwich offerings (egg sandwiches and the like) . 
 I arrived at about 11 am. 
 which is when they stop serving breakfast. 
  

Instead. 
 I ordered the 1. 
2 Soup. 
Sandwich combo. 
  It's typically about $6. 
99 . 
 if you order a Premium sandwich as I did. 
 it's a bit more at $7. 
50. 
  I selected the Smoked Turkey with Artichoke & Spinach Spread with Caramelized Onions on Ciabatta. 
  It was tasty . 
 far richer than I expected. 
  The spread was essentially spinach dip. 
  For my soup. 
 I selected French Onion. 
  It was not bad. 
  It was beefy and oniony and not too salty as french onion soups tend to be. 
  The only disappointment was the lack of the cheesy crouton that makes this dish sooo good. 
  Instead there were three croutons and shaved asiago cheese thrown in. 
  The cheese didn't properly melt and instead coagulated in clumps that I just avoided. 


He ordered the Chicken Club with chicken. 
 bacon. 
 tomato and cheddar grilled together with a side of the Panera chips. 
   His iced coffee was underwhelming . 
 they do provide free refills so that's one plus. 
  

What really astounded me was Panera's new internet policies. 
  They had always advertised free internet . 
 at least at this location. 
 they limit it to 30 minutes during the prime hours: 1130-130 pm and 530 to 730 pm. 
  In addition. 
 most tables and booths previously had their own electric outlets. 
  At this location. 
 the majority were covered up. 
   This location is extremely close to Cal State Fullerton so I expect that these changes are efforts to deter students who camp there for full days without ordering much. 
  Still. 
 they should consider opening back up some plugs. 
. 
. 


-The floors are very dirty
-The tables are dirty with crumbs (somehow even after they are cleared)
-The drink area is messy

Makes me wonder about the cleanliness in the kitchen. 
. 
. 
. 


They also blocked off most of the power outlets. 
  Using my laptop here was half the reason I chose to dine here in the first place. 


Then the salad. 
 drink. 
 and cookie was over $15 during lunch. 
  Thats too much for an experience like this. 



I will definitely be coming back. 
  Don't forget to use your rewards card too. 
 extra free pastries is a bonus. 


Close parking is limited to 2 hours. 

Free green tea refills. 


Hours are good as well. 



First impression was. 
 this place looks like a Corner Bakery with similar offerings. 
 and you order at the counter. 
 . 
 that's where the similarities stop. 
 The food is way over priced. 
 Their best "deal" is the "Choose 2. 
" It's a choice of 2 of the 3: half soup. 
 half salad or half sandwich. 
 Starts at $7 and goes up from there if you want anything more than the basic sandwiches. 
 

I got a half tuna sandwich. 
 half greek salad and an apple. 
 $8 something after tax. 
 WTF. 
 

Got my food delivered to the table and they gave me a bag of chips instead of the apple. 
 Hello. 
 I'm trying to eat healthy. 
 Thankfully the server was polite about their mix up. 
 

BOTTOM LINE: Dropping almost $10 for lunch (especially when it's a half salad. 
 half sandwich) is a big no-no. 
 Never returning. 



I like that they have free wifi. 
. 
. 
the bad part is you can only be on during the peak hours for 30 minutes at a time. 
. 
. 
and because it's near CSUF. 
. 
it's totally crowded by students so it can get pretty hectic there so you can't really study. 
. 
and even having a meal there might not be worth it most times. 


they have souffles. 
 cheeky. 


The souffle. 
 although tasty was not impressive than a heart alertos breakfast burrito. 
 It's a fun item to have once in a while . 
 barely worth $4. 
 A little doughy and lacking. 


The menu is more expansive than corner bakery . 
 the feel of the menu is about the same. 
  They offer a lot of teas and drink choices. 
 almost and equal arsenal to the food menu. 


Free wifi & a nice cafe interior makes this place an easy choice for chillen casually. 



They have decent food. 

They have decent bread. 

They have decent service. 


Better than most fare in the area. 
  If you need food. 
 this is a good place to come. 
  They have it. 



I called to make a complaint. 
 and spoke with the general manager. 
 I originally explained that I was disatisfied with the tuna sandwich. 
 and she questioned why I waited till I left the store to make a complaint. 
 instead of doing so while I was there. 
 It wae not until I explained that my order was to go and that I did not notice the issue with the sandwich till I sat down to eat. 
 She offered me a refund for my order. 
 which I gladly took. 
 . 
 I did not appreciate the way in which she handled the situation. 



Ah Panera. 
 My first college lunch date awhile back. 
 I was confused about everything and couldn't decide on what to eat. 
 Now. 
 I can officially just say : the usual

On most days I would get a cup of soup with a baguette and on hungrier days i'd get half a sandwhich and a cup of soup. 


Now. 
 I would always get the Clam chowder BUT they don't seve it everyday :( And once they acidentally gave me creamy tomato soup WHICH I am in love with. 


I enjoy this enviroment and it's near school so makes it all the better. 
 Oh join My Panera club. 
 the perks are WONDERFUL. 



The place is pretty good. 
 . 
 it's nothing too special or fancy to me. 
 The place does feel a lot like Corner Bakery. 
 . 
 I prefer Corner Bakery myself. 
 

Menu is simple. 
 also has that same type of deal CB has - 2 items 1. 
2 sandwich & salad or soup. 
 

My friend recommended the broccoli cheese soup. 
 . 
 the second I saw baked potato I had to get it. 
 She thinks its better as well. 
 and plans on getting that soup from now on haha. 
 

I also got a smoked ham and swiss sandwich. 
 which I didn't know came with mustard. 
 If it the mustard wasn't there. 
 which I assume you could ask for none. 
 I would've enjoyed the meal a bit more. 


They actually forget my order too. 
 I had to go to the counter since 15 minutes passed and my food wasn't there. 
 They offered me a free cookie for the wait. 
mistake. 
whatever - . 
 I declined the offer. 
 I probably should've gotten a cookie to try it out though. 
 oh well. 
 

A lot of people come to study and it's pretty quiet. 
 I might just walk over from campus to here to read my book and eat. 



Panera is a delicious place to get your study on. 
  Just make sure you are at a table near an outlet. 








The Pick 2 special is really nice so that you can get half two different things and get to try more things. 
 I really enjoyed the Cuban Panini and Fuji Apple Salad I chose. 
 You can also chose to get bread. 
 chips or an apple. 
 Since New Years. 
 I'm trying to eat healthier so an apple is great. 


The atmosphere is great. 
 There are people there just to eat and catch up with people. 
 . 
 there are also people on business lunches so I didn't feel like I was in a completely casual zone. 
 

They also have a really nice fireplace that splits the two areas in the dining room. 
 It's nice and warm there. 
 My friend and I chose a nice sunny day too so that was definitely nice. 
 

It's a great place to catch up with friends and Starbucks and Yogurtland are right across the street if you need something different. 




Staff is helpful. 
 when you can get ahold of them. 
. 
. 
this is a very busy location. 


Free coffee refills. 
 which makes this place great for studying all day. 


Again. 
 check those nutrition facts. 





Coffee (-2 stars). 
. 
. 
There are empty urns of the coffee that I want and the other options are old. 
 The manager said that there is a fresh urn brewing . 
 after 5 minutes of waiting I decided to get the old coffee

Wifi (-1 star) 30 minute wifi connection limit? on a Sunday? thats about enough time to check my facebook and write this review

I usually have a good experience at panera. 
 . 
 this panera in general always seems to bring the rest of the panera's down. 
 It pains me to give this review. 
 . 
 my voice must be heard


the only thing I do have to say about the studying is there aren't very many outlets. 
 so you need to either sit close enough to reach an outlet or not need an outlet. 


My favorite is the you Pick Two special. 
 

My favorite soup is the Chicken and Wild Rice. 
. 
. 
. 
best I've ever tasted. 
 Long grain and wild rice. 
 celery. 
 onion. 
 carrot and diced chicken simmered in chicken broth embellished with cream and select herbs. 
 Especially on a cold. 
 rainy day. 
 so yummy. 
 
My second favorite is the broccoli cheddar with chopped broccoli. 
 shredded carrot and select seasonings simmered in a velvety smooth cheese sauce. 


The salads are pretty good. 
 My usual is the Greek or Caesar salad. 
 
The Greek salad has Romaine lettuce. 
 vine-ripened tomatoes. 
 feta cheese. 
 peperoncini. 
 red onions. 
 Kalamata olives. 
 pepper & their Greek dressing. 
 
The Caesar salad has Romaine lettuce. 
 Asiago-Parmesan cheese. 
 homemade Asiago cheese croutons & their Caesar dressing. 
 Yummy. 

 I also occasionally like the Fuji Apple Chicken Salad: All-natural. 
 antibiotic-free chicken. 
 mixed field greens. 
 romaine lettuce. 
 vine-ripened tomatoes. 
 red onions. 
 pecans. 
 Gorgonzola. 
 apple chips & white balsamic apple vinaigrette. 


My favorite sandwich is the SmokeHouse Turkey: Smoked turkey breast. 
 smoked bacon. 
 smoked cheddar & sun-dried tomato ale mustard grilled hot on Artisan Three Cheese bread. 
 Obviously. 
 its the BACON that gets me :)
I also like the Bacon Turkey Bravo: Smoked turkey breast. 
 bacon. 
 smoked Gouda. 
 lettuce. 
 tomatoes & signature dressing. 
 on Tomato Basil bread. 


Oh and one of my new favorites is the Mac n' Cheese with Vermont white cheddar cheese. 
. 
. 
. 
unbelievably tasty. 
 must try. 


Whether you want to grab a quick lunch or study all day long. 
 this is the perfect place because you can have breakfast. 
 lunch. 
 and dinner and never have to leave your study spot. 




I'm usually a big fan of Panera bread. 
 I love the bagels. 
 sandwiches and soups. 
 But I came here for breakfast yesterday morning with my friend and was totally let down. 


I ordered the Breakfast Power sandwich. 
 It was ham. 
 egg and cheese on multi grain bread. 
 How could I go wrong with that. 
 right?

I also got a nonfat caramel latte and it was delicious. 
 But. 
 for $8 I got the latte and half of a sandwich. 
 REALLY?. 
. 
 I couldn't believe it. 
 When my sandwich came. 
 it was very small. 
 Half of a sandwich. 
 to be exact. 
 The bread was toasted. 
 . 
 soggy and it seemed like the whole thing had been microwaved. 


I won't be back to this location. 



Also the service is AWFUL. 
 The managers with the exception of Mike all have terrible manners and talk about personal matters in front of customers. 
 They are not helpful and I will never set foot in a Panera again. 






The internet there is only limited to 30 minutes. 
 and that is the only down-fall. 
 
I recommend Panera to every study group I am at. 



I ordered the mozerella and tomato panini. 
 it was ok. 
 The condomints bar saved it with Mayo & tobasco lololol. 
 

Next time I'll prob get one of their amazing BAKED goods. 
 I dont think the food here is THAT great. 





The first time i came into this wonderful sandwich and bakery shop the aromatic smell of their freshly baked goods. 
 salads. 
 soups. 
 and drinks filled up my nose and made my mouth water. 
 The atmosphere reminded me of a starbucks as they play smooth jazz music in the back which makes you feel like you are in a french bistro. 
 

As i made my way up to the register i didn't know what to get as they had so many wonderful selections and the friendly worker suggested their lunch combo. 
 so i chose to get their Pair Two combo where you get to make your own combinations of Soup. 
 Salad. 
 or Sandwich and it comes with either a side of baguette. 
 Apple or bag of chips. 


I went for the Chipotle chicken sandwich. 
 with a side of tomato soup and baguette. 
 It was DELICIOUS. 
 the creamy tomato soup was warm and tasty it really make me feel as if i was home. 
 snuggling up on the sofa and looking out at the cold. 
 chilly weather. 
 On top of the soup came with garlic bread croutons and boy do they explode with the melodious flavors of the soup. 
 match made in heaven. 
 Their chipotle chicken sandwich is by far my favorite. 
 It's freshly prepared chicken breast snuggled in between slices of tomatos. 
 smeared with their smokey. 
 spicy chipotle mayo and topped off with 2 strips of bacon. 


Panera bread is the perfect place to do lunch with a friend to just catch up or study up for a quiz while pigging out on some tasty delectable goods whether it be salty or sweet. 
 YUMMY

I ordered a bagel and a coffee to go. 
 While I was getting my coffee. 
 the girl who brought me my bagel just placed it in front of the coffee dispensers and said. 
 "Here. 
" She brought my boyfriend's bagel while he was getting his coffee and didn't even tell him it was his. 
 She just flung it onto the coffee dispenser counter and left. 
 Meanwhile. 
 another customer was sent searching for hot water because one of the employees gave her wrong infoinformation as to where she could find it. 
 Or maybe there wasn't any more hot water. 
 Anyway. 
 she asked the manager where she could find it and the manager said. 
 "Here. 
 I'll just get it for you" in a terrible tone. 
 
Also. 
 I got the last of the hazelnut coffee and watched as two other customers tried to dispense it. 
 only to find that it was empty. 
 
My cinnamon crunch bagel was to die for. 
 Too bad poor customer service was noticeable in the five minutes I was there. 


Wow. 
 Panera. 
 keep up the good work. 



I was surprised to see how packed this place gets. 
  Came here about 2pm on a Monday and didn't leave until 9pm. 
  Met my buddy here because he wanted to check out the hot undergrad girls. 
  Haha. 
 perv. 
  

They don't try to rush you or kick you out. 
  Students from CSUF. 
 Western Law School. 
 So Cal Optometry School. 
 Hope Int'l University. 
 and whatever else that's in the area apparently all flock here because I had a tough time finding an outlet for my laptop. 


I sipped on a huge cafe latte and my buddy got a frozen blended coffee (about $4 each) as we studied and occasionally facebook stalked and talked out the confusing minds of boys and girls. 
  Coffee was strong and good and the apple and cherry pastries they were handing out were soooo yum. 
  I'm not sure how often they give out pastries like that. 


Nice study ambiance with jazzy music playing in the background. 
  However. 
 it gets loud with all the juicy student gossip spilling and people laughing and mingling. 
  I'd recommend to bring some headphones to zone out and focus on your hw. 


7 hours later. 
 I was on a caffeine high. 
 finished the equivalent work I could've done in an hour at my apartment. 
 learned about who Grace and Adam are currently dating and what they did for Valentine's weekend and planned a trip to Vegas. 


Overall. 
 very productive day. 
  I'll be meeting my fellow grad students here again for some good studying sessions. 



The food always taste fresh and good. 
  Service used to be good . 
 now it seems staff got their training cut short. 
. 
. 
. 
 I recently went to Panera for brunch take-out and had the worst service ever from the cashier. 
. 
. 
. 


I would've gave them 4 stars for the fresh food and good soup . 
 instead they get 3 stars for making me go back 3 times to get my complete order. 
. 
. 
 One thing I can't complain about is the manager. 
 Kendra. 
 for trying to make the situation better by giving me freebies which was awesome. 
 But next time. 
 I rather eat my soup while it's hot. 
 

Thanks Panera for fresh food and delicious soup . 
 unless I reallyyyy crave for bagel. 
. 
. 
I'll go some where else for my brunch. 



 That parking lot is so hard to get out of. 



However. 
 went for breakfast today. 
 and for $4. 
 I got a very small egg sandwich I was not impressed with. 
  And instead of sausage I ordered. 
 they put bacon. 


And after some cups fell onto the floor. 
 they put them back for general usage. 
. 
. 






Staff is attentive and friendly. 
 It served well as a business meeting location. 







The menu is actually more more diverse than most bakeries of this type. 
 . 
 the problem is the price. 
 A sandwich is about $2 too expensive for the size that you get and the coffees are 7-Eleven quality at Starbucks prices. 
 The green tea is syrupy and doesn't taste like tea. 


But what I do like. 
 I like quite thoroughly. 
 The turkey sandwiches are tasty and relatively healthy and the soups are hearty. 
 The service is usually excellent. 


I also like that it's a casual sit-down restaurant: more classy than a  fast-food joint . 
 not quite a regular restaurant setting where you have to order from a server or pay a tip. 
 Just a nice place to come and relax if you need to study. 
 hang out with friends. 
 or grab a quick meal. 


Overall. 
 though. 
 there's more good than bad. 
 so it deserves a 3 out of 5. 



We always order the You Pick Two:
I get the fufi apple salad with the vegetarian sandwich. 
  That sandwich is so darn good. 
 I swear its the tomato basil bread that makes it the bomb. 
  Last week I also tried the tuna which was very good as well. 
  

Brian also orders the You Pick Two and gets the fuji apple salad and the roast beef sandwich. 
  

We love coming here because we can come when we are sweaty and gross right after the gym or come in for a quick cheap lunch or dinner. 
  Panera never fails us. 





It's just too crowded and noisy. 
 i dont know how others do it. 


I do love their soups. 


Favorite sandwich would have to be the Mediterranean vegie and my favorite soup is either the new england clamchowder. 
. 
 so creamyy. 
 it's quite heavenly. 
  Their french onion soup is good. 
 however it's a bit too salty. 
 I have to have lots of bread with that. 
 I usually get it in the bread bowl for I believe extra $1. 
50? . 
  For salad. 
 I like sweet salads so its no wonder why I always get the asian sesame salad with the mandarin oranges. 
 

It's panera bread. 
 I don't come here to study anymore. 
 . 
 I will come to have lunch with friends and chit chat. 


I really like the black bean soup and the mediteranean veg sandwich. 



I've been to many Panera. 
 . 
 this one sticks out. 
 From the interior design to the food served to all the little perks. 
 I adore this little cafe. 
 The staff is courteous and friendly. 
 

Last week. 
 I ordered my usual: 1. 
2 sandwich and 1. 
2 salad special. 
 I really like their asiago roast beef and Asian sesame chicken salad with a side of apple. 
 They even offered to slice up the apple for me. 
 because I can't bite into an apple. 
 
 
Today. 
 I ordered 1. 
2 asiago roast beef sandwich and a French onion soup. 
 I have got to say. 
 they did a good job with the French onion with melted cheese on top. 
 Gotta drink it while it's hot. 
 

I highly recommend this place to study. 
 grab a cup of coffee (or tea. 
 if that's what you like). 
 and. 
or just kick it here with friends. 
 :D


1. 
 Super sweet cashiers
2. 
 Amazing. 
 refillable iced coffee (my fav. 
)
3. 
 Sandwiches are yummy. 

4. 
 Free wifi. 

5. 
 They let you stay for hours to study. 
 One of the perks of being so close to CSUF. 


Cons:
1. 
 Can get a tad pricey (. 
 the service is great. 
)
2. 
 Sometimes it gets really crowded. 
 Lunchtime brings in all the local students and parking can be a pain. 



There's one location in West Covina too. 
. 
. 
I used to come here to buy pastries for my clients since I work not too far away. 
 There's wi-fi here so a lot of people do come to study or just hang out. 
 If you are into healthy food this is the spot. 
  I wish there was a location in Westminster. 
Garden Grove area. 
 I miss you Panera. 




Panera Bread is always a good choice. 
 Whether you're going for a cheap date. 
 lunch with friends. 
 or a pastry to get you started in the morning it is a great place to eat for any occasion. 
 The food is very good and healthy enough to not feel guilty. 
 They bake bread and pastries daily. 
 They have pick two combos. 
 where you can get half a sandwich with a half salad or soup. 
 For breakfast they offer bagels. 
 pastries. 
 and breakfast sandwiches. 
 For lunch and dinner they have an assortment of both hot and cold salads. 
 hot and cold sandwiches and panini. 
 I really enjoy their Smokehouse Turkey panini which is served hot. 
 It consists of smoked turkey breast. 
 smoked bacon. 
 smoked cheddar & sun-dried tomato ale mustard grilled hot on our Artisan Three Cheese bread. 
 The sun-dried tomato ale with mustard gives a very unique taste which compliments the bacon and smokehouse turkey perfectly. 
 It comes with a side choice of fruit. 
 baguette. 
 or chips. 
 I get the kettle chips which are great. 
 They also offer vegetarian meals for anyone who opposes the slaughter. 
 
The service is always great. 
 You order your food at the counter. 
 . 
 they bring your food and so far I have not had any problems. 
 The people who work here are always extremely nice. 
 The ambience is nice. 
 trendy. 
 . 
 comfortably casual which is good for any occasion. 
 The atmosphere is probably a little quieter than most places which is perfect for catching up with someone and being able to talk without being overwhelmed by other sounds. 


Healthy. 
 Great Tasting. 
 Always A Good Time. 




I just love their large menu. 
 and the little pastries they have displayed out there. 
 tempting you to buy them. 
  The service is always really great. 
 i don't think i've ever had a bad experience there. 
 and i go there alot. 



They have many different choices. 
. 
so obviously. 
. 
I had a hard time making up my mind. 
  I originally wanted a sandwich. 
. 
. 
 then i saw their paninis and the cashier lady told me GO PANINI. 
 (she didnt say it like that. 
. 
. 
 basically. 
. 
that's what was implied haha. 
)  So i did as she told. 


I wish i went with the sandwich. 
  I like wheat bread. 
. 
the panini came with. 
. 
i dunno something else. 
  I dont like cheese in my sandwich. 
. 
. 
 the panini had cheese and they dont take it out because the paninis are premad (-_-). 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
IT WAS STILL YUMMYYY. 
. 
 haha sorry about all the complaints. 
  I'm just hating because I was thinking about having a healthier lunch. 
  Oh well. 
 too bad. 
  I got a coffee (that is bottomless and yummy) and chips came with my sandwich. 
 cool. 


my friend ordered half sandwich with soup. 
  its a special they have there. 
 or you can do half sandwich with salad. 
  He enjoyed it. 
 :) and it looked yummy to me. 
  It made me feel bad about my heavy panini. 
 whatever. 
 i enjoyed it nonetheless :)

and it was good because I only ate half (they aren't huge. 
. 
. 
 they aren't small) and I ended up eating the other half on my break in class. 
  Perfect :)


The place is spacious and has lots of tables. 
 . 
 their tables are small so you might have to group them if you are coming in as a large party. 
 

I heard there's free internet here . 
 after 9pm or is it 7pm? you get kicked off every 30 minutes and have to connect again due to the high demand of access around those times. 
 This would suck because I would get really annoyed if I was trying to do work. 
 . 
 constantly got kicked off. 
 =[

The service here was okay. 
 too. 
 . 
 it was my first time so I didn't know what to order. 
 I forgot what I ordered. 
 LOL . 
 the girl was patient enough to answer my various questions. 
 I do remember I got the YOU CHOOSE 2 meal. 
 Choose between 1. 
2 sandwiches. 
 soups. 
 or salads for 7$ plus you get an extra piece of bread on the side. 
 

My friend recommended the strawberry smoothie so I ordered this and it was pretty good. 
 It had a taste of yogurt in it which was pretty good and tasted healthy. 
 too. 
 However. 
 everyone else got the lemonade and that looked sooooo good and refreshing. 
 For sure I'll stop by to get some lemonade here sometimes. 
 

One thing I wasn't sure about was to either leave tip or to not. 
 There was only one girl going around cleaning and throwing away customers' trash. 
 . 
 this place isn't exactly a formal eating environment. 
. 
. 
 more like a huge Starbucks that specializes in bread. 
. 
. 
 so I didn't leave any tip. 
 

One more thing. 
. 
 me and my friend both ordered the Caesar salad and hers came with cheese and mine didn't. 
 The cheese is like the best part and I was not happy that I didn't get any. 
 I was going to ask for some cheese on the side. 
 . 
 before I could I ate like 2. 
3 of my salad so I was like. 
 SCREW IT. 
 hahaha. 



I would recommend going to the Panera on Bastanchury. 
. 
 which is just 2 miles away from this location. 



On that note. 
 this place is pretty hip looking. 
 I feel. 
  If Starbucks focused on a restaurant side to their business it might be a lot like Panera Bread. 
  

This is my first review of the place and I will say I enjoyed my self rather much. 
  They seem to focus on having fresh organic foods that are light and health conscious. 
  A lot of their sandwiches. 
 based on what I saw. 
 seem to be grilled on a Panini iron or something similar. 
  They seem to do that by default as they didn't ask me if I didn't want mine grilled. 
toasted. 
  Anyway. 
 I ordered the Chipotle Chick sandwich and I could have beaten up a class of eight year olds because it was SO GOOD. 
  Their tea is also nice. 
  But the food seems to be pretty good. 
 reasonably priced and light. 


I recommend it. 
  Ladies. 
 if you take your men here on a school day please allow for them to gawk. 
 oggle and otherwise look. 
  And if you are an adventurer you could try to find the guest star of your next threesome here. 
  Of course. 
 I don't see the experimental slutty type here. 


A little pricier for a simple breakfast or lunch. 
 . 
 the food quality and great service is well worth the extra $$. 


THE GOOD:
First thing you'll see at any Panera Bread location is the assortment of baked goods. 
 It all looks so good (SO good. 
). 
 It was extremely difficult not getting anything from the display. 
 Fortunately for me I had enough discipline to resist the temptation. 
 The French Onion Soup was a different story however. 
 There was no way I could pass that up. 
 It was friggen' good. 
 I love sweet. 
 caramelized onions and their soup had plenty of it. 
 The gooey cheese with the croutons both softening in broth was absolutely irresistible. 
 I recommend it if you dig onions. 
 Ordered the Smokehouse Turkey  Panini as well and you can really taste the quality. 
 I think the bacon was smoked with applewood because you could taste the sweetness. 
 Their mustard was really good. 
 Really gave the sandwich a nice kick. 
 On top of the good food the girl at the cashier was really cool. 
 My total came out to about $14. 
03 and she covered the 3 cents. 
 Thank you. 
 thank you. 
 and thank you. 
 I hate it when I have to break a dollar for a couple pennies and get a handful of coin in return. 
 The wait was a little more than 5 mins. 
 (which isn't much of a wait at all). 
 . 
 the guy at the counter still apologized for the wait. 
 Pretty cool. 
 I was impressed. 


THE BAD:
They forgot to give me the apple for my side. 
 . 
 I honestly didn't want it anyway. 
 No big deal :]


I can never figure out why the place is so busy at every hour of every day. 
  The food is mediocre. 
 at best. 
 and the service is painfully slow and crazy. 
  Let's just say the blank stare is the main method of communication between patrons and employees. 
  At times. 
 when you get to the cash register. 
 you can't help . 
 think of that scene in Idiocracy when the hospital receptionist is just looking from Luke Wilson to the picture-covered . 
tons. 
. 
. 
  Don't get me wrong. 
 the people are generally nice. 
 . 
 sometimes that isn't enough. 
  

Overall. 
 the food and service are bleh. 
 and the noise level gets crazy (like. 
 oh my GOD. 
 20-year-olds of CSUF - we don't all need to know what you regret having done last weekend). 
  Also. 
 we're in Southern California. 
  Why is the fireplace ALWAYS on in there?. 
  Are they trying to play up the hell motif?



Everything on the menu is pretty good. 
  I don't think I've ever ordered something I didn't like. 
  

This place is ALWAYS packed with people who are eating or studying. 
  They have free wifi and nice tables to study at. 






I went on Sunday about 90 minutes before closing. 
 I was craving their Black Bean soup in a bread bowl. 
 They are out of bread bowls at this point in the night. 
 I am bummed . 
 get a baguette and a cookie instead and I'm pretty happy. 
 Their cookies taste like junior high. 


I am still stuck on the concept of eating soup out of a bowl. 
 and then eating the bowl. 
 So I check their website on Monday to see the next time they'd have Black Bean soup. 
 Tuesday. 
 Yes. 
 perfect. 


After work I jet on over. 
 order my bread bowl of soup and an apple and am pretty stoked to get it home and down my gullet. 


Alas. 
 I get home only to realize I have both soup and an apple . 
 no bread bowl. 
 I am so sad. 


The location in Whittier is a million times better. 
 They're staff are crazy nice and fast and efficient even though they are always busy. 
 They are way out of my way. 
 . 
 I will make the trip for all of my future edible  bowl needs. 



I really like the jazz singer who comes once in a while and performs live. 
 she even takes requests. 
 (Don't sit too close to her though or you won't be able to hear yourself think. 
) 

A big complaint I have is the waitress there. 
 Actually. 
 I don't know if she's a waitress (they don't take tips) . 
 she delivers your food. 
 Once she brought a chicken salad sandwich when we had specifically ordered the tuna salad sandwich. 
 Instead of taking it back. 
 she just kept insisting that it was a tuna salad sandwich and "it'll just come back the same way. 
" It was interesting because I actually had the tuna salad sandwich and tried showing her the difference between the two. 
 She just became infuriated and finally took it back. 


I've had them make a few other mistakes too . 
 that was the only one worth mentioning. 








Panera Bread v. 
 Corner Bakery?  In an ideal week I'd alternate between the two. 
  CB does offer better sandwiches. 
 . 
 they don't sell bagels by the dozen. 
  So it's a toss up. 
  

Just don't get the Panera version of chai latte. 
  It'll give you diabetes. 




The portions were so small. 
  I got some salad with chicken and pears and it barely had any chicken in it. 
  We were still hungry after we finished our "snacks" so we ended up getting more food somewhere else. 


I thought all Paneras much have made their portions smaller to save money. 
  I just went to the West Covina Panera and the portions were just as I remembered them being at all other Paneras. 
  The quality of the food was good as usual. 
  

So. 
 I'm glad I can still enjoy Panera. 
 just not the Fullerton one. 


. 
. 
Also a great study place. 
 especially after an all nighter before a big test. 




What I like best is the ambience. 
 and that it is NOT the loud. 
 crowded overworked Starbucks across the street. 
 No comparison when it comes to just having a quiet cup of coffee. 
 Plus. 
 the menu is so much more varied. 



The breakfast that I get includes a plain bagel with cream cheese. 
 a chocolate chip muffie. 
 a coffee and a soda. 
 The bagels are quite fresh (when they have them) and the whipped cream cheese is great and easy to spread. 
 They seem to be doing a better job at keeping plain bagels on hand as when I stopped by for breakfast last Saturday around 10 they still had some. 
 That's been rare before. 
 The coffee selections are quite good though they're not always fresh. 
 The employees happily change it out for a fresher brew when asked. 


It's not quite clear when they change over from breakfast menus to lunch and then to dinner. 
 The employees are generally quite confused. 
 too. 
 and can never give a correct answer. 
 Some will say that sandwiches are not available until 10AM. 
 though we've ordered some before then. 


I had the three cheese crispani for dinner one night. 
 It wasn't great . 
 not bad either. 
 I might get it again to give it another chance because it sounds really good and I want to like it. 


The inside seating area is really nice and comfortable. 
 It's easily accessible to multiple schools and is a great place to do homework. 
 The free Wi-Fi is nice . 
 a bit slow. 
 The outside seating is nice. 
 too. 





Similiar to Cornery Bakery . 
 more of a college study spot. 
    

Best thing is their  "You Pick Two":  Half of a sandwich of your choice with a cup of soup or small salad. 
  On the side you can choose either a baguette. 
 apple. 
 or a bag of chips. 
 

and once again FREE WI-FI. 




This place has terrible customer service. 
 Don't ask for anything warm here. 
 like a bagel. 







after the disappearance of the salad. 
 the one thing that saved panera from being shunned was their crispanis. 
 crispanis are pizzas on flat bread and they're very crispy and flavorful. 
 the downside. 
 they're only served after 4pm and take 15-20 minutes to make. 
 i usually call in my order on my way home so i don't have to wait. 
 

* side note: lately there's been this one cashier there and she's sooooooooo slow. 
 it's really irritating when there's a long line. 








anyway. 
 yeah my chicken salad sammich was bleh. 
 it didn't outright suck. 
 . 
 i wouldn't recommend anyone ordering it. 
 my coworker was silly enough to want to switch halves of sandwiches. 
 so i got to try his turkey artichoke panini. 
 it too was just. 
. 
. 
 bleh. 
 it tasted alright. 
 . 
 there was something missing (see wow. 
. 
 wowwee factor mentioned above). 
 this place just did not tickle my tummy in all the right places and definitely didn't seduce my tastebuds. 
 if youre looking for just an ok sammich served quickly. 
 then by all means head over to panera. 
 if youre looking for taste and quality. 
 go somewhere else. 

