
I never tried the rice before here. 
 only the chicken salad. 
 which is also very delicious. 

The rice with tofu and veggies was very good and satisfying. 
 It was too much food. 
 so we couldnt finish it. 
 
My only complaint is that. 
 this time we went. 
. 
 there was this server who served us that was sort of rude. 
 He looked like he didnt want to work here and when i asked for more napkins. 
 he gave two single piece of napkins. 
 Really????
Also. 
 when i said more water please. 
 he pointed at the water cups to say for me to give the water cups to him. 
 so that he can pour more water. 

He could have just communicated via word. 
 instead of pointing his fingers without saying anything. 

So. 
 yeah. 
. 
. 
 i was a bit shocked. 
 . 
 it didnt bother me much. 

I still like coming here and i have been a faithful customer for many years that's why. 



It's one of my first times visiting and they just drop a faded menu in front of me and expect me to decide instantly. 
 Greeeaaaaatt customer service. 
 

After ordering. 
 my next interaction with the server was the bill. 
 Server didn't check up on me and just dropped the bill off in the middle of my meal. 
 When I was the only one in the fucking restaurant. 
 I felt rushed. 
 paid. 
 and just left since it was probably the worst service I've ever received anywhere. 



I read a previous review that the pho broth was not as flavorful because they do not use MSG. 
  Not sure if this is true. 
 because I found myself extremely thirsty and tired after this meal. 


 Their pho thai is good though - meat is very tender. 



Their menu is very limited. 
 They mostly have pho and a few variations of rice plates. 
 You will not be seeing bun bo hue here. 
 

I ordered the N-1. 
 the broth was very clean. 
 No oil droplets are to be seen anywhere. 
 Their egg rolls were piping hot. 
 flaky and delicious. 
 

It is a tad pricier than most authentic Vietnamese restaurants. 
 But the price is compensated by their cleanliness in their decor and food. 



Pho Olivia seems really small. 
 . 
 it is on the left side of the 99 cent store. 
  It's next to a Thai place at the corner. 
  Parking is easy. 
 . 
 the lot gets crowded from Quickly customers. 
  You might have to park in the back section. 
  The interior of the restaurant seems spacious because of how they organize their tables. 
 . 
 I like the booth seating. 
  Restroom is available. 


Their menu is not bad. 
  You can get spring rolls and broken rice dishes here. 
  They also have chocolate cake for dessert. 
  Prices are slightly on the higher side. 
  I'm pretty sure they raised prices since the last time I was here a year ago. 
  Small bowl of pho is $8. 
95. 
  Large is $9. 
95. 
  They even have a super size. 
  

N-2 Rare Beef Pho. 
  The beef was so unusually chewy. 
  I'm not used to this consistency. 
  Perhaps they did not cook all the way because the meat was served half pink and the soup was getting warm. 
  The broth was just ok. 
  Last year I secretly accused them of using too much MSG. 
 so I never came back. 
  I think they worked on that because I didn't feel so sick after my meal. 
  Will I be back?  Eh. 
 probably not. 


Service is lacking. 
  The guys are friendly . 
 some of them act so green like they're new. 
  It seemed like only one guy knew what he was doing. 
  When the server brought my pho to the table. 
 he stepped on my foot and turned around without apologizing. 
  

TL. 
DR  If you're too lazy to go to Garden Grove. 
 go to Pho Ha in Brea. 



I don't usually have pho in this area . 
 I found their lunch special to not only be tasty . 
 also relatively well-priced. 
  All lunch specials come with an egg roll and a small portion of fried rice. 
 What stood out to me the most was their noodle bowls which gave ALOT of meat. 
 Most places give 5 to 6 slices in a bowl. 
 this spot easily gives double that amount. 
 

If you're in the area for lunch and looking for some pho I would recommend this place. 
 You pay what you get for. 
 and I mean that in a good way. 
 There isn't any thing that puts them in to the five star zone. 
 . 
 a solid choice for some good grub




Food: I loved the taste of the flavorful broth & tender brisket. 
 The soup is served hot unlike other pho places I've been to. 
 The portions are pretty big and the prices are decent. 
 It was about $8 for a small and I believe large was just under $12. 
 

Service: We had 2 welcoming servers and they both wore smiles on their faces the entire time. 
 They always asked if we needed anything and didn't rush us to pay. 





The pho was sadly one of the worst I've had in the area. 
 The noodles were overcooked and the broth was greasy. 


Plenty of other places to go in the area. 
 Maybe other things are better here . 
 I wouldn't be surprised if the portions are also ridiculous. 
 I see other reviews here saying their portions are small. 



Brother says the pho is amazing. 


All in all. 
 definitely would recommend this joint if you're craving Vietnamese food in Fullerton. 



The dining room is clean and the lights are dim and inviting for you to stay awhile and enjoy the food. 
 

As long as I live around here. 
 I'm a regular. 




We drove to Cal State Fullerton area to the little corner of the plaza where Pho Olivia is. 
 We walk in and pay. 
. 
. 
to be honest I was a bit shocked. 
. 
. 
i think it was like $42 for the whole order. 
. 
. 
(a bit expensive for pho no?) Anyway I asked the lady to give me an extra bag and a separate little side of veggies for my sister. 
 I was dropping off the meal for her and didn't want to have to separate things out later. 
 

Anyway. 
. 
. 
now to my food. 
 When I was getting my meal together i discovered that THEY forgot to give us BASIL. 
 WHAT? Also. 
. 
. 
I really feel like we needed more broth. 
. 
. 
especially since we all ordered larges. 
. 
. 
and it seemed like there was basically NO SOUP. 
 Maybe it's different if you eat there?

I didn't try the spring rolls . 
. 
. 
. 
they were TINY. 
 

Anyway I don't think I'll be coming back to Pho Olivia anytime soon. 
 Pass. 


brisket lacked the strong beef flavor we're used to . 
 overall the food is great. 
 Full from all the egg rolls and pho. 
 a glass of young coconut juice was the perfect dessert for my palate. 


The food is okay. 
 I come during the lunch special when they give you the extra eggroll & friend rice along with your pho. 
 The eggroll isn't fresh & the fried rice and dry. 
 The veggie plate that comes with the pho is really small. 
. 
 I love my beansprouts . 
 too bad theres so little. 
 
Service here is fast. 
 They just take your order & give you your food . 
 its not too hard to flag them down. 
 
All in all. 
 I would go here if I'm craving pho just because there arent that many choices around CSUF. 


I am normally used to the Pho in the Garden Grove. 
Westminster area. 
 with that in mind . 
. 
. 
 

Pretty decent pho establishment if you are craving it and are in the area. 
 
Located near the 99 Cents store. 
 it's located in the back left hand corner of the plaza. 
 

Inside. 
 very clean. 
 the seats on the booths were cracked. 
 . 
 it didn't really bother me that much. 
 

Waiters were attentive and polite. 
 

I ordered the rare beef and brisket pho. 
 bf ordered the seafood pho. 
 and we added the pork spring roll appetizer. 
 

The pork spring rolls were pretty good. 
 The sauce didn't really taste like the peanut sauce I was used to. 
 . 
 it was still delicious. 
 No vermicelli noodles in the pork spring rolls. 
 

Pho was decent. 
 
I didn't think there was enough flavoring. 
 I felt like it was a bit watered down. 
 
Definitely hot enough though. 
 They give you really big portions. 
 I thought large would be a decent size. 
 . 
 I couldn't even finish it. 
 Unfortunately. 
 they don't give you that much meat. 
 

Had some of the boyfriend's seafood pho. 
 and the broth tasted a lot better. 
 
However. 
 seafood was the frozen. 
imitation kind - . 
 I was not surprised. 
 

Our bill came out to be around $30 for the both of us - kind of expensive for 2 bowls of okay pho and 2 spring rolls. 
 

Probably won't be back unless I'm craving it and stuck in the area. 



Also got their shrimp rockets this time and boy are they tasty. 
 Nice and crispy on the outside and then sooooooo juicy and succulent on the inside. 
 Couldn't have asked for a better appetizer :)

I see they've gotten some bad reviews . 
 I think it's just really important to order the right things. 
 I've never tried their rice dishes . 
 I believe their pho is great. 


I've been here a lot of times. 
 They are super friendly and quick. 



It's never very crowded and if it is. 
 you still get great service. 


They have an awesome combo deal for lunch and dinner where you can get your choice of pho with an egg roll and fried rice for about $1 more depending on which one you choose. 
 My boyfriend and I love this since ordering a side of egg rolls or spring rolls is usually around $4 most places. 
 and we can never finish them anyways. 
 

I absolutely love their broth. 
 It's not super salty like most places. 
 it's perfect. 
 

If I'm at Fullerton (which I usually am). 
 Pho Olivia is the place to go. 




The service was a bit spotty and even though we were very nice and said thank you with a smile. 
 the waiter never bothered to acknowledge us and would just walk off. 


The basil and bean sprouts they gave us looked like they had been sitting there for a very long time. 
 They looked dirty. 
 dead. 
 black edges and shriveled. 
 Sorry excuse for condiments. 




I got the BBQ pork which comes w white rice. 
 . 
ter garlic rice. 
 pork. 
 and some veggies: 
1. 
 Portion - Average amount. 
 I was able to finish everthing and get comfortably full
2. 
 Interior - Nicely furnished and clean 
3. 
 Service - Very friendly. 
 He checked up on us a couple of times and cleared the plates
4. 
 Food - Just your average Vietnamese BBQ pork


Also we asked for seating for five. 
  I went to the bathroom and felt "wetness" on the door handle. 
  What was that?. 


As well. 
 when I got back. 
 there was four not five menus at the table. 
 

The chopsticks at the whole table were filthy and if they are not cleaning those. 
. 
. 
what else are they not cleaning?  And why not get disposable at that point?



First impression: Decor is nice. 
  It is a good place to take friends and family. 
  I went with friends before the lunch rush (approximately 11:30am). 
  The staff was friendly and really nice. 
  

Menu: There is a special lunch menu that has 3 items (ranging from pho and appetizer or vermicelli and appeteizer for around $10). 
  I got the super sized pho (which is $10. 
95). 
   It was good and filling. 
  I measure a good pho whether i have to add hoison sauce or sriracha. 
  I didn't need to add these sauces because the broth was good. 
  This broth was clean and great tasting. 
  They didn't skimp on the meat and had plenty of noodles. 


I also had the vietnamese coffee. 
  It was ok. 
  

Definitely would come back again. 






Pho Olivia is my new go-to. 
 especially since I live in the area. 
 I love Pho Ha and a few others in the Rowland area . 
 this place can easily be a replacement for the Brea. 
Fullerton area. 
 :)


I ordered the N-4. 
 which is rare beef and brisket. 
 The meat here is thinly sliced (usually a indication of good pho) and the broth is above average. 
 The broth itself isn't the best I've had. 
 . 
 relative to this area. 
 it's about the best you can ask for. 
 I'm raving about the meat because that's what put it together. 
 The beef and brisket was just so soft and tender. 
 

Service is good. 
 too. 
 They were helpful and came around to ask how I was doing frequently. 
 If you're in the area and craving some pho. 
 this is your go-to place. 
 The best I've had in the area. 




We ordered the shrimp spring rolls. 
 and the shrimp was small. 
 and everything else tasted bland. 
 It was a disappointment. 
 I got the chicken pho. 
 and I was sad about how the chicken was prepared. 
 It was boiled rather than served with the meat and skin (since that's how I like my chicken pho). 


The noodles were great - I liked the texture and taste. 
 But the broth lacked flavor and tasted weak. 
 For those who want to get great deals. 
 I recommend coming here for their lunch specials. 
 Even though service was friendly and they bring the food out to you in a timely manner. 
 the lack of taste was bothersome. 



We ordered some extra bbq($3. 
95) to share since I can't eat that much noodles alone. 
 Apparently the extra was already mixed in which looked like a regular size serving. 
 So. 
. 
. 
 how much less would I have gotten then?  
Anyways. 
  Not again. 
 I should have just drove a little more to Pho Ha on imperial and 57 exit by lucilles. 
  

Oh yeah my total bill was $16. 
68



I enjoy the atmosphere. 
 and the assortment of veggies on the plate. 





Me and my girlfriend went on a weekday night. 
 and the restaurant was very slow. 
 We got a couple of the chicken skewers and one of the Pho combos with rice. 
 spring rolls and a salad. 
 

I'm not a fan of Pho. 
 so that was for my girlfriend and I ate the rest of the stuff that came with the combo plate. 
 as well as most of the chicken skewers. 
 

I had been here once before. 
 and had an average experience. 
 I ordered a chicken and rice dish. 
 From what I remember. 
 the portion of chicken was EXTREMELY small. 
 (think literally like 3 ounces) and appeared to be undercooked. 
 Whether or not it was raw. 
 I can't really tell you. 
 . 
 I felt uncomfortable enough with how it looked to send it back. 
 The waiter made sending it back an extremely awkward experience. 
 even though I insisted I just didn't want it and didn't want it replaced since I lost my appetite. 
 

I was willing to give it another shot. 
 especially considering my girlfriend loves Pho and theres not many good places around here for Pho. 
 The portion of the sides for the combo were understandably small. 
 considering the Pho was the main component of the combo. 
 But their "chicken" fried rice was a joke. 
 as it just has three tiny shrivels of chicken on it that are cooked to hell. 
 The salad was the only thing I liked. 
 everything else was pretty bland. 
 including the chicken skewers. 
 

The service was just as crappy as it was the first time. 
 The restaurant was completely empty by the time we ordered. 
 yet it took 20+ minutes for my girlfriend to get her Pho. 
 It didn't really make sense. 
 Our waiter dropped off our check relatively early. 
 which I always appreciate since we would have the option to pay early if we needed to leave. 
 Once i put my card in however. 
 it was impossible to find out where the hell the waiter went. 
 The restaurant had 0 customers and 0 employees in it. 
 and we were just trying to pay so we could leave. 
 I'd say it took another 10-15 minutes for them to finally come out and process my card. 
 Again. 
 really really bad service. 


The worst part of my experience was the day after. 
. 
. 
 Pho Olivia was the last thing I ate the day before. 
 and in the morning I started puking it all out. 
 I couldn't even drink water without it coming back out until around 6-7 PM the next day. 
 Needless to say. 
 I will definitely not be coming back to this place. 
 ever. 
 Below average food (besides the Pho). 
 below average service. 
 and they got me sick. 




Pho is tasty  . 
 ask for extra add-in plates (sprouts. 
basil. 
lime. 
. 
. 
). 
 Delicious pork spring rolls. 
 The seafood omelette is ok . 
 I don't have anything to compare it to. 
 House Salad is beautiful & huge & delicious. 
 Dessert is good--hard to mess up uncomplicated banana chocolate crepes that my 3yr old licked the plate for. 
 

Looks like it gets busy quickly . 
 the place is small. 
 

Good. 
 easy place to visit on a casual evening. 


Btw. 
 this pho place is a little more pricier than most places. 
 BUT they do have an x large bowl for those that are xtra hungry

Maybe next time. 
 Hope they will keep the quality because I will be back. 




Their pho tai chin is my usual at this place and all pho places. 
 I like to ask for onions with vinegar on the side. 



We ordered the BBQ pork for the kids and they loved it. 
 The kids kept telling us how yummy the meat is and they were. 
 Infatuated with the yellow rice. 
 The pork was thin and flavorful. 
 easy for me as a parent to cut it up into bits for the kids. 
 

I will definitely be back with the family. 






Their pork egg rolls were delicious and I had a really good Thai Iced tea. 
 . 
 the pho seemed kind of bland. 
 Since there are so many other pho places in the area idk if I will be going back. 



My food came fairly quickly. 
 I ordered combo B. 
 Fried rice. 
 an egg roll & shrimp pho. 
 First came the fried rice & roll. 
 Shortly after was my pho. 
 The food was delicious. 
 No doubt about that. 
 

Mediocre to poor service. 
 

A+ food. 


I'll give it another shot. 
. 
. 
 I guess. 







I had the seafood pho which hit the spot. 
 I've been craving Pho. 
 and this place was perfect. 
 We also ordered the Olivia Spring rolls. 
 which come with a special "Olivia" sauce. 
 I was hesitant at first. 
 . 
 was quickly debating. 
 which sauce I liked best (peanut sauce or Olivia). 
 Olivia won. 
 

My son got the BBQ chicken with steamed rice and garlic rice. 
 The garlic rice wasn't too different from the regular steamed rice. 
 . 
 we ate it anyway. 


Friendly staff. 
 super attentive. 
 Would come back here again. 
 if I happen to be in the area. 


I always felt that this place is overpriced . 
 foods taste good. 


the reason why I am giving 2 stars and never going back to this place again is they charged plates for onions I requested. 

Over the past years. 
 they never charged extra onions. 

This one new guy pointed out that extra onion will be charged 1 dollar from the menus. 
  didn't know it and never been charged before. 

Anyway. 
 price is already expensive than other places and now they starting to charge onions. 
    Me and my co-worker have decided not to come here. 

We will drive littler further to get cheaper and about the same quality food. 
  (normally other places won't charge onions and their pho usually runs 6~7 dollars. 
. 
. 
. 
This place average food price is $9~$10. 





My bf ordered the BBQ pork rice under my recommendation cause no place that claims to be vietnamese can mess up that grilled pork with the tasty fish sauce drizzle. 
 And it was not at all disappointing. 
 That is the FOUR STARS :) 

The grilled pork spring rolls was a little thick on the rice paper and it was served with an unfamiliar sauce. 
 something else different added atop from my usual peanut sauce and it was yellowish. 
 It was tasty . 
 i thunk it'd be better off with the peanut sauce itself. 
 [if you had Brodard. 
 your standards for the pork spring rolls will never be the same again]

Lastly. 
 the service was ultimately attentive in the beginning . 
 totally neglected towards the end of our meal. 
 It didn't get particularly busy . 
 we felt kinda forgotten. 
 The waiter was still nice. 
 thanks dude. 




Pho Olivia is nicer than most noodle spots and the service was friendly and helpful which is absolutely non-existent elsewhere. 
 I didn't order pho. 
 . 
 instead ordered a broken rice dish with charbroiled pork and a side of soup. 
 which by the way will cost you an extra dollar. 


The portions aren't all that big and it doesn't come with much meat. 
 As far as flavor is concerned. 
 it was definitely tasty. 
 If you're curious if the soup is worth the extra dollar. 
 that's up to you. 
 It was definitely a bigger bowl of soup than usual and was really good. 


Pho Olivia's ratings on yelp is better than pretty much all the other places so they're doing something right. 






The place was a little warm when we walked in . 
 they quickly turned on the ac without us saying a word. 
 It cooled down within 10-15mim. 
 I'll assume they just opened and were conserving energy. 
 We were greeted by a friendly server that got the ball rolling immediately. 
 We sat and ordered vegetarian egg rolls to start. 
 followed by a large order of pho ga (chicken). 
 The egg rolls took approx 5 min to come out and the pho followed 10 min later. 
  

The egg rolls were fried perfectly. 
 appearance and taste wise. 
 Perfect crispy  outer shell (crunch when you take a bite) with delicious. 
 perfectly seasoned veggies. 
 The dipping sauce. 
 which seemed like a sweet ponzu. 
 matched the natural veggie flavors perfectly. 
 

Next. 
 the pho. 
 which was delicious. 
 There's a lime shortage so we received lemons on the side along with the sprouts. 
 I was a little worried or curious at first . 
 they're just as good as the lime. 
 Just a slightly different kick. 
 The pho was very on point. 
 Well seasoned broth (not too salty). 
 onions and tender slices of chicken breast. 
 The rice noodles they use were a little thinner than I'm used to so they kept breaking as I tried to pick them up with my chopsticks . 
 that's nothing a slight hand adjustment couldn't fix. 
 Very good pho. 


Great experience and start of the afternoon. 
 I definitely appreciate them having clean bathrooms as well. 
 

Food 4. 
5. 
5
Service 4. 
5
Ambiance 4. 
5

I've been dragged here a few times by my friends. 
 and I've never been too happy. 

The flavors are missing something. 
 Maybe they are trying to 'americanize' it and they add less herbs. 
spices or water down the fish sauce. 
 . 
 all the food is missing some kind of flavor maybe to cater to a certain palate. 

The vermicelli bowls also have a horrible vegetable to noodle ratio. 
 Seriously. 
 it's called a vermicelli bowl. 
 not a cucumber and bean sprout bowl. 
 Even when I asked for less bean sprouts. 
 the size of the dish shrunk. 

I've never had their pho (because I've only come here on really hot days) . 
 paying almost 13 bucks after tax and tip for a rice or vermicelli noodle dish that is subpar is ridiculous. 



They have all the traditional vietnamese fare like pho and bbq. 
 rice and combo dishes. 
 Everything from the soup broth to the bbq chicken and pork is delicious. 
 The shrimp rockets are great and I highly recommend their desserts. 
 They had a banana Nutella crepe at one point . 
 I'm not sure if that is a regular menu item. 
 All in all a great hole in the wall for authentic vietnamese food. 
 Plus it's great to avoid driving on to the 57 fwy and 91 during rush hour. 



The only minor detail that may have distorted my taste buds then was that I was pretty hungover. 
 

However I must say this. 
 I may not be Vietnamese. 
 . 
 when it comes to ramen or pho. 
 I can be rather picky. 
 I care about the broth and the type of noodle they use to create a balanced. 
 well-rounded experience. 
 I am not one of those people who put lemon grass and hot sauces all over my pho. 
 I like mine simple so I get to know which pho is ACTUALLY GOOD. 
 NOT distorted with bunch of other sides and spices. 
 So if you're looking at those reviews that complain about the broth being bland or whatever. 
 you can probably count on those people to be the one's gouging with everything possible. 


Anyway this place did an amazing job to cure my hangover and also created a great eating experience with quality food. 
 The broth is what did it for me. 
 It was oily and fatty which made it very appetizing. 


I wish this place was closer to me since I live in irvine. 
 I rarely ever find myself hungover near Fullerton so I have not had my chance to trek back to this place. 
 

But I am definitely planning on dragging some friends with me so I can experience this place for the 2nd time. 


I think I'll add another star once I get my 2nd try :)

EDIT: I GOT TO TRY IT AGAINNNN :D Finally after 2 years. 
 And thankfully it was super yummy. 
 I dont care if I'm not hungover. 
 I am making my trip out to this place whenever I get a chance :) So I just added another star to make it 5 starssss. 
 BTW my friend tried something that wasn't pho. 
 She said it tasted okay. 
 She would give it 3 stars. 
 SO if youre gonna check this place out. 
 GET THE PHO. 



This is the only pho restaurant I frequent in Fullerton because it's the only restaurant that has the broth down. 
 Some of the surrounding restaurants in Fullerton can be so depressing lol. 
 . 
 Pho Olivia never disappoints. 
 

The noodles are cooked to perfection -- not too long where they're soggy. 
 and not too short where they're still hard. 


Broth is good  and they have side dishes (diced onions picked in vinegar and beef oil). 
 Bean sprouts and basils are always fresh. 
 

Entrees are a bit smaller than what I'm used to. 
 . 
 it's not a big deal. 
 They have to pay for their lease somehow. 
 :)


4 stars. 



God. 
 no. 
 Let me start off by saying. 
 yes the interior is clean. 
 modern. 
 any positive adjective can describe Pho Olivia. 
 Even their bathrooms are freakin' cool. 
 On to the food. 
 I decided on a Pho Tai. 
 Also asked for the bean sprouts and mint leaves to be blanched in warm water before serving. 
 It was told again. 
 . 
 in Vietnamese. 
 Hopefully they got the message. 
 right? In the time it took to go use the restroom and wash hands thoroughly. 
 the pho tai was just brought to the table. 
 Man. 
 that was just too fast. 
 I thought I asked for Pho Tai. 
 which by the way. 
 is rare beef. 
 It should come out still pink and while it's sitting in the broth. 
 the broth will cook it. 
 Mine came out cooked already. 
 completely brown. 
 Vegetables? They were cold. 
 so they didn't do what we politely asked them to do. 
 That came out so fast. 
 Way. 
 Too. 
 Fast. 
 

-The broth was disappointing. 
 Very bland and lacked any flavor. 
 Sadly. 
 towards the end. 
 I had to douse it with hot sauce and chilli pastes. 


+The Noodles were awesome. 
 It was soft and delicate. 
 Good amount of it too. 
 

I like clean restaurants. 
 Especially when I'm dining in Asian restaurants. 
 But. 
 it doesn't even matter when the pho is no where near the quality of the interior itself. 





I do really enjoy the pho here - the noodles and quality and the broth is great. 
 I really like how the menu has a good variety of options. 
 Bonus points for how quick the service is here. 


However. 
 I only gave it three starts because I feel I sick after I eat here. 
 I'm usually exceptionally thirsty after I eat any pho place. 
 . 
 I don't normally feel nauseous and dizzy like I do after eating here. 
 It's probably just a personal reaction I have to something in the food and not their fault. 
 . 
 it does keep me from coming back. 


If I didn't feel so sick after eating here. 
 I would come more often. 






If you dont understand the menu they will help you. 
 I usually do not eat desert . 
 sure glad I did. 
 

You can tell you are eating fresh food and not pre-package from the local vendor. 



Parking is a bit of an issue. 
 On the positive side. 
 you can run in to the 99cent store for some quick shopping while you are there. 
 I tend to favor small businesses over larger chain restaurants. 
 These people are going to see us more often. 
 Good job. 






I didn't think Fullerton had any good Vietnamese restaurants. 

I took a shot at checking on Yelp and found this spot. 
  It's hidden in the corner of a shopping plaza. 

It's so nicely decorated. 
 clean. 
 and cozy. 
  They played blues music when I was there which was very enjoyable. 

We had some questions about the menu and the owner came out to talk to us about the dishes. 
  She was such a sweet young lady. 
 very genuine and went around chatting with all her customers. 
  I really respect that. 
  You can tell many customers were regulars because they knew her by name. 

The pho was very authentic. 
 and my friend ordered a fish curry rice dish that was delicious. 
  

They just didn't have some other Vietnamese food items and beverages. 
 . 
 the owner said it's because they serve to a wide selection of non-Vietnamese customers. 
  I'm just happy that just because they don't cater to many Vietnamese people. 
 they did not stray from the real taste of traditional dishes. 
 

Give this place a try. 





This restaurant is horrible from top to bottom. 
 From the moment you walk in. 
 to the moment you leave. 
 The review following are points that support my claim this restaurant is horrible. 
 

1) Walked in waited 3-4 minutes to be noticed. 
 greeted. 
 and sat at a table. 


2) lighting is poor. 
 so poor the customers are squinting and requesting the lights to be brightened. 
 

3) We ordered then waited 15-20 minutes for the appetizer. 
 . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
an appetizer. 
 I had to raise my hand and wave it side to side in order to be noticed so that our food can be brought out. 


4) I then asked for our pho to be brought out immediately. 
 After the initial request it took another 15 minutes for our pho to be brought to our table. 
 
* this means it took an estimated 30 minutes for our pho to get into our mouths. 
 And by pho standards that is an  extremely way too long of a wait. 
  

5) worse part about this entire situation is the manager. 
owner was sitting 2 tables over with family. 
friends just chatting away not noticing there are any issues in the establishment. 
 When I brought up the multiple issues surrounding our experience all she could offer were apologies. 
 and the explanation of people wanting a relaxing environment and enjoy dinner. 
 *enjoy what dinner? It hasn't even been brought out. 
 

6) the restaurant was empty with 3 other parties in the establishment. 
 So any thoughts that the service was poor because they were busy cannot be used. 
 

In conclusion this establishment has horrible service for mediocre food. 
 Do not go to this place if you are expecting a fast (normal) served pho restaurant because that is not what you will receive. 
 You receive a friendlier environment at any other food restaurant. 
 even an IKEA. 
 or fresh n easy. 
 

My goal isn't to have you avoid this restaurant . 
 more for the ownership and management to take accountability and to improve on what should be a great restaurant. 


TIP: Ask for everything you need at once as you won't see the server until you give the check. 
 also FYI~ There will be days where you get more noodles and days more soup with noodles. 


The place looks very nice and the people that work here are very polite and offer a great service. 
 . 
 there is one thing that make me rate this nice place with one star and it's the flavor of the pho it's just works than an instant Maruchan soup. 
. 
. 

 For the price I paid here I could go to Pho 45 at Garden Grove (excellent place) and eat twice and with a real pho taste. 

Guys you got a nice place here just find better cooks. 
. 


Maybe. 
 I will not be back. 
 Who knows what she would do to my food. 
 because I walked out. 


Service was nice and quick. 

Atmosphere was odd for a pho place. 
 
Broth sucked. 
 Lacking flavor. 

My side of veggies tasted old and cost $2. 
 
The basil that comes w bean sprouts was terribly old. 
 rubbery. 
 and elastic. 
 And no jalapeño on that plate either. 
 
My brisket was overdone and dry. 
 

Most likely not coming back here. 
 Too pricey for sub-par pho. 
 

Sorry not sorry. 



The fried rice was bland. 
 It tasted like eggs and white rice. 
 No flavor. 


Rare beef and brisket pho had decent broth and meat. 
 . 
 both tasted like something was missing. 
 The noodles were also chewy. 
 Blech. 



The broth is much too clear & not as hearty as Little Saigon Pho. 


They gave very small amounts of meat in the Pho here. 
 -1

Rice vermicelli  w. 
 grilled shrimps: (3. 
5)
Very small amounts of shrimps & veggies here as well. 
 fish sauce was very light as well. 


Service: A

Decor: Nice & comfy : B

Overall. 
 very Americanized place that serves decent Pho . 
 not as authentic as you'd find in Little Saigon area in the heart of Westminster. 


The restaurant was clean . 
 the food wasn't good. 





I like the rare beef PHO the best. 
 It's so tender and they'll get cooked with the heat of the soup so you don't need to be worried. 
 I eat here every once in a while. 



My one gripe about this place though is the fact that they play Adele - over and over and over and over again. 
 I've noticed this other times I've been to Pho Olivia. 
 I was a fan of her music when she released her album "21. 
" . 
 the popularity of her and her music has really killed it for me for the past year. 
 So it's incredibly annoying hearing how much her songs are played. 
 and it bothered me like no other having to hear her music at a restaurant as well. 
. 
. 
 they could at least play KOST 103. 
5 or something where there's a better variety of music. 


Makes no sense that I complain about their choice of music here. 
 . 
 I come here to relax and unwind. 
 and it's rather tough when they play some REALLY overrated and overplayed music. 
 Just sayin'. 



Overpriced. 
 Nothing special about the food here and the small bowl of Pho is tiny compared to the small or regular sized bowls at other nearby Pho houses. 


This is Pho. 
 I'm not here to pay a little extra for the fancier dining ware. 
 tea pots. 
 the soothing background music and ambiance. 
 I always feel I pay too much and get too little food at this place and their sister restaurant. 
 Olivia's Bistro in La Habra. 
 Lunch here the other day will also be my last. 


I must say I was pleasantly surprised how wonderful the Pho was. 
 I had the Olivia Spring Rolls - simple and excellent. 

I will be coming back. 

The place is very nicely decorated and the servers are nice and friendly. 



Pros:
- Eggrolls were freshly fried and delicious
- Servings were generous and super affordable

Cons:
- Needed more onions and scallions. 
 . 
 the side veggies were just bean sprouts. 
 basil. 
 and lime
- I thought the beef broth was a little mild (I like more cinnamon and anise)

While their food is not BLOW ME AWAY DELICIOUS. 
 It's pretty good. 
 and the people here are very attentive and the food is WELL PRICED. 


Really affordable yummy food. 
 with great service? I'm down. 

I'd like to try the rest of their menu as they have a pretty traditional Vietnamese Menu. 


Their ice coffee ain't half bad either. 
 (. 


Try Olivia Spring Rolls. 



What. 
 Don't make a last call policy if you are not going to follow it. 
 :(



Today's experience turned me off to any future visits. 
 no matter how much I crave pho and no matter how easy it is to just walk down the street to get there. 


First. 
 I walked in and they didn't say hi or anything. 
 This is kind of a common occurrence. 
 and so I walked over to the counter. 
 They finally saw me and I asked if I can sit down. 
 They nodded and since I always order pho chin. 
 I already knew what I wanted and ordered right away. 
 I was starving and thirsty due to the heat. 
 

The waiter placed the water on the table and I immediately took a large gulp--and the water was super salty. 
. 
 I had to spit it out onto a napkin (it was disgusting. 
. 
. 
) and I walked over to grab more napkins. 
 I told the waiter that the water was salty and he brought over another water and apologized. 
 I couldn't get the taste out of my mouth for the whole meal--it was a very strong salty taste--. 
 I didn't think that he did it on purpose. 
 so I told him it was ok. 
 I took a tentative sip of the new glass of water he brought me and it tasted like soap. 
 :(

When the food came out. 
 I ate the pho really fast. 
 Although my mouth was still covered in salt. 
 I was hungry. 
 When the bill came out. 
 I gave him $8. 
01 (the bill was for $7. 
51). 
 since I didn't have exact change. 
 He took the bill and I waited for him to give me change back. 
 I waited for about 15 minutes (there was only one other table seated in the restaurant. 
. 
. 
not busy at all). 
 I thought maybe they were being polite. 
 so I walked up to the counter and asked if I could have my change. 
 Instead of grabbing my check with the change I assumed was already waiting for me inside (there was no check in sight). 
 the waiter opens the register and grabs the change he owes me--he knew exactly how much he owed me. 
 which meant he had already processed the bill and purposely chose not to give me change back--and gives it to me. 
. 
. 


The only explanation I could come up with is that he assumed that was his tip. 
 Why would I tip him only $. 
50? Why didn't he ask if I wanted change back instead of just pocketing the change? I was originally going to tip. 
 . 
 I ended up just walking out of there. 
 feeling insulted and appalled at his lack of manners. 
. 
. 


Good bye forever. 
 Pho Olivia. 





My honey and I ordered the rocket shrimp. 
 fried . 
ter garlic chicken wings. 
 two 33 export beers and pho. 
 

It hit the spot and I'm definitely coming back again. 
 The service is friendly and prompt. 
 The decor and ambiance is a bit modern. 
 contemporary and very clean. 
  Thanks to yelp. 
com for the recommendation and high ratings. 
 The food speaks for itself. 
 This place is about 10 mins from our spot so we are glad that we can go here than heading to our other fave spot. 
 Pho Crystal in Costa Mesa. 



So Olivia is the one who inspired the two sisters to create a pho restaurant. 
 So the one in La habra on Imperial highway. 
 is related to the Pho Olivia here on chapman ave. 
 Interesting HUH. 


Also. 
 I learned some vietnamese today from the workers here. 
 

the broth was straight up vietnamese style. 
 IF you had homemade vietnamese pho. 
 this restaurant has probably a similar taste to that. 
 What can I say. 
 I do not like the fusion pho that my native tongue Korean people have done with Pho. 
 Sorry : ( 

Good for smaller groups. 
 and they have lunch specials for less than 10 dollars which includes small pho. 
 fried rice. 
 and egg roll. 
 Yum. 



The loss of 1 star is because of the fact that the Pho here is not pho at all. 
 not even close. 
 It's closer to what you would call a Hu Tieu. 
 For a place that has Pho in their name. 
 their "Pho" is disappointing to me just because it's not what it should be. 


But overall everything else is great . 
 I would definitely go again for that shaken beef . 
 Super delicious . 





Last time. 
 my complaint last time was the rare meat being over-cooked. 
 This time. 
 however. 
 things were perfect. 
 Rare beef came on the side and I was able to cook it myself and control the rarity level. 



Haven't been dissapointed since I've been coming here. 
 :)


Not your usual to-go hole in the wall pho shop here. 
 This small restaurant is tucked away in the corner of the 99cent & bofa plaza. 
 Parking is spacious. 
 perhaps busy on the weekends

- The interior is very modern. 
 hippy. 
 and trendy. 
 Kudos for that
-Service was great. 
 Our waiter was really sweet and accommodating. 
 
- Prices are fair
-The bun thit nuong ( rice noodles ) was really good. 
 

However. 
 the pho broth wasn't that flavourful as i expected from the reviews. 
 It tasted watered down as if they just filled the pot with water when it was running low. 
 Didn't taste the spices or that hint of pork bones. 



They offered a special summer combo menu. 
 I chose combo A which included a fried egg roll. 
 salad. 
 chicken fried rice and a small Pho for $9. 
95. 
 I chose their Pho with rare beef and brisket. 
 The egg roll and salad came out first. 
 The egg roll was perfectly fried with a meaty center. 
 The salad was just lettuce with a light. 
 slightly sweet dressing. 
 The chicken fried rice came out next. 
 It was pretty bland . 
 sriracha sauce transformed it significantly. 
  The Pho was excellent. 
 The broth was light yet refreshingly deep. 
 The noodles were perfect. 
 There was enough beef to satisfy me. 
 
My wife ordered their veggie Pho combo which includes salad. 
 spring rolls. 
 soda and a large bowl of veggie Pho for $12. 
99. 
 The spring rolls were pretty bland and needed hot sauce to transform it as well. 
 She really enjoyed her Pho as well. 


Service was excellent as the servers came by our table frequently. 
 Overall. 
 I think we got a steal for all the food we got. 
 The interior was upscale and clean and service was great. 
 Recommended. 



Music: good 
Cleanliness: excellent 
Food: mediocre

I got a pho dac biet and it was okay. 
 Broth was plain had to season with a lot of hoison and sriracha. 
 Had a lot of noodles and a little amount of meat. 




Interior decor was nice and clean. 
 

Service was friendly and quick. 
 

Food. 
. 
. 
now listen up. 
 

I like to eat my pho plain and simple--to really taste all the flavors. 
 The noodles were soft. 
 . 
 had a few clumps here and there. 
 I didn't mind that really. 
 Meat was slightly thicker than other pho places I've been to. 
 so that was a plus. 
 

But. 
. 
. 
the broth. 
. 
. 
. 
the broth. 
. 
. 
hmm. 
 It was missing a certain flavor that other pho places had. 
 Maybe it was lacking a bit of sweetness? Or didn't have enough spices? I'm not sure. 
 But it didn't really hit the spot for me. 
 

It's an average pho place. 
 Not bad. 
 Not amazing. 




And what do you know? No crazy broccoli like last time when one of my other friends wanted vegetables added to her soup and everybody ended up with veggie broth. 


Anyhoo this time it was a lot better. 
 However it wasn't mind blowing or anything. 
 Just a nice solid bowl of pho. 



The Restaurant has a nice ambiance. 
  Nothing special to write home about. 



 I've eaten here before and it was better. 
 so was the service. 
 There is a man who works there (think his sister owns it) and he was awesome. 
 Last visit it was two women who seemed not very interested it what they were doing. 




I've been to their other location in La Habra so I pretty much knew what to expect. 
 The prices and portions aren't that great. 
 as I thought the large which costs more than other places wasn't that big and I wasn't fully satisfied. 
 Taste-wise. 
 things were good except that there was a lack of cilantro in my bowl of pho. 
 it was either non-existent or there was very little of it. 
 I'm not sure if that was the standard or if they ran out of cilantro. 
. 
. 


I first sat at the booth and noticed something really disgusting on the bench. 
 There is a small gap between the leather seat and the wooden frame it sits in. 
 In this gap was all sorts of nasty food and trash particles that probably hasn't been cleaned out in god knows how long. 
 It was so disgusting I ended up moving to another (non-booth) table. 
 If you sit in the booths. 
 don't look down at the bench because you will lose your appetite. 
 I'm gonna have to deduct a star for that. 
. 
. 



No wonder why this place is always empty with only a few customers at a time. 
 Their customer service is POOR. 



Today I ordered two SUPER vegetarian phos to go. 
 When I got home my roommate and I opened our phos and started eating. 
 It wasn't until half way threw mine that I looked down and saw a BUNCH of tiny little bugs in my pho. 
 Not just three. 
. 
. 
 or 5. 
. 
. 
 or 10. 
. 
. 
. 
 . 
 a crap ton. 
 They were so little they almost looked like broccoli fibers. 


Needless to say after being loyal customers and spending $22 dollars today plus tip. 
. 
. 
 we are NEVER GOING BACK. 



Very clean and very friendly staff 

Didn't wait long for the food and the food was so flavorful. 
 

The spring special for dinner is perfect . 



I try to eat mostly vegetarian. 
 well with some fish. 
 ok I am flexible about it. 
. 
. 
. 
I guess I am more of a flexitarian. 
  Anyway. 
 their veggie broth is delicious and what really makes their veggie pho stand out is that they grill the tofu before just plopping it in. 
 It is delicous. 
 I can't get enough. 


They serve other things that my family says are good . 
 since I am slightly obsessed with their veggie pho. 
 that is really all I can speak to. 



Everything is pretty standard. 
 though my boyfriend was really excited about the fact that they had a few more kinds of pho than most places. 
  I on the other hand am a creature of character and refuse to touch anything other than the brisket. 
 which had a great (not overly salty) broth. 





When the Pho came I was hoping for something that would change my mind. 
  First. 
 the accompaniments were spare. 
  Basil. 
 bean sprouts and lime. 
  I'm used to also having cilantro. 
 culantro and jalapeno. 
  Am I just spoiled from Pho 79? I ordered the N1. 
 Pho dac biet - rare beef. 
 brisket. 
 tendon and tripe. 
  I asked them to hold the brisket and add more tripe. 
. 
. 
yes. 
 no extra tripe unless you count 5 strips of tripe as extra. 
  I'm a tripe fan. 
 what can I say?

Okay. 
 okay there was one great thing. 
  Make it two - thus the three stars and not the two I was going to throw out. 
 The rare beef melted. 
. 
. 
just melted in my mouth. 
  Most other places. 
 it's pretty darn chewy and not rare at all. 
  Here. 
 the beef was fantastic. 
  I also ordered the young coconut juice. 
  Half the pleasure was sucking the coconut flesh through the straw. 
  Lol. 
 I'm used to scooping it straight from the coconut. 
 . 
 this much more fun. 
 less the work. 
  But at $2. 
95. 
 a little pricey. 
  

The atmosphere was trendy and modern. 
  The staff warm and friendly. 
  But really. 
 I should only rate this place for the food. 
  I'd give a hole in the wall a 5 star if the food was fantastic. 
 so atmosphere and decor will not count on this rating. 
  

I'd be willing to try again. 
 except I can get better spring rolls and same quality pho for much cheaper (ahem. 
 Pho 79) Two small pho. 
 1 order spring rolls. 
 2 drinks = $22. 
41 before tip. 
  {sigh}



One mroe thing they got 3sizes small large and Super Bowl. 
  Ordered the large and wasn't that much. 
 so get the Super Bowl if you are hungry and you know you can eat a lot. 



Now the last time I went there. 
 it was the usual experience. 
 Yes. 
 the interior seems clean and what not. 
 Food. 
 decent. 
 I didn't really want meat this time so I got the pho with veggies and tofu. 
 The carrot slices kind of tasted like soap. 
 no big deal. 
 Just took them out of my soup. 
 

I go for another bite of noodles only to find a bug hanging out in there. 
 It's a pretty good sized fruit fly that just spoiled my appetite. 
 It also spoiled my friend's appetite. 
 It made us question whether the facilities are actually clean where the eye can't see. 
 I was offered another bowl. 
 . 
 just didn't wanna come across another bug in my soup. 
 I was looking forward to a good meal. 
 

Since I refused the offer and it was obvious we both didn't even get through half our bowl of soup before the bug appeared. 
 I would've thought. 
 at the very least. 
 a dish would have been compensated for the incident. 
 Nope. 
 Charged full price for food we barely ate for something they had control over. 
 Or Maybe they didn't have control over bugs in their kitchen. 
 . 
 they did have control on customer service. 



The price was almost $1 more than many places in Little Saigon. 
 Considering the area where has almost no competions. 
 this is actually not a bad deal. 
 then again. 
 the quality of food was not up to a standard. 
 

I think. 
 I will pass this place next time when I am in the area. 








I'll start with the positive. 
 The place is clean. 
 servers are friendly. 
 and food came out reasonably quickly. 
 The spring rolls and egg rolls were both good. 


However. 
 I came here for pho. 
 and although I'm not expert. 
 I've had pho enough times to know that this place was overpriced and underflavored. 
 The large size is a normal size anywhere else and didn't have as much meat as I was hoping. 
 and the super was marginally bigger. 
 Don't get me wrong. 
 that's enough food. 
 . 
 not so big to justify the high prices ($7 for small. 
 which really is small. 
 $8 for large. 
 and $10 for super). 
 In fact. 
 I've never seen a pho place charge that much. 


Back to the actual pho. 
 Noodles were all in a clump at the bottom. 
 which isn't uncommon. 
 . 
 again isn't great. 
 The broth was very mildly flavored. 
 to put it nicely. 
 and ultimately I had to add some sauce. 


I hope it was an off day. 
 and that the other reviewers are right. 
 Unfortunately. 
 I won't be trying again. 



The spring rolls were fresh and very tasty. 
 The Pho outstanding with plenty of condiments. 
 The spice was hot and ready to go. 
 The service was prompt and courteous. 
 
This time was just me by my lonesome self. 
 Since I work from home. 
 I needed to come out of the cave. 
 I will certainly be bringing my sweetheart wife of 14 years with me next time to enjoy the atmosphere and some great Pho. 








Live music was performed by the server during our entire meal- I never experienced live entertainment while eating pho before. 
  The service was excellent and welcoming. 
 

Pho: the flavor of the broth was not oily. 
 rich and tasty- even the small bowl of pho was very filling. 
 We also ordered the v6 on the menu: crispy eggrolls & BBQ pork over rice vermicelli and vegetables. 
 This dish was mediocre. 
 not too flavorful. 
 Prices were quite high for pho- large bowl of pho was about $10. 
 

Overall a great experience. 
 Will return for their lunch special (M-F $5. 
99) which priced more reasonably. 





The food itself was really good. 
 The pho bowl wasn't overly fatty and the filet mignon beef melted in my mouth. 
 This was a clean bowl of pho. 
 The fried rice bo luc lac was so good. 
 I don't think very many places serve that special dish. 
 I also had the garlic . 
tered chicken wings. 
 Those things were so good. 
 You can't go wrong with that dish. 
 Fullerton's got a awesome Pho place in the area. 





Pho Olivia is pretty good. 
 I'm not the type of person who soak my broth with hot sauces and lemongrass. 
 The only thing I put in my Pho is a little bit of lime juice after I taste the broth. 
 The broth is perfect. 
 It isn't bland at all according to the other reviews. 
 The noodles aren't too thick and it isn't too thin. 
 just perfect. 
 Perfect place to go when you had a night of partying. 
 

The service here is fast. 
 Since the restaurant seatings are very open. 
 the staff can see everyone. 
 They are very attentive when it comes to refilling water and getting you check out. 
 Overall. 
 probably the best place for Pho in Fullerton. 


This ain't no dirty
They have clean rating
This is Pho Olivia. 


"All I wanna do is take you out on a date tonight. 
"
Says my wifey to me out of nowhere
I'm gonna take you to a place where I know you're gonna like
And I'm not gonna tell you what it is until we get there
So she's drivin' in our car and my excitement's really building
And she pulls up to this place that's Vietnamese. 

I know that she hates to eat Vietnamese food
But tonight my taste buds she wants to please
We enter this place. 
 and wow. 
 I can't believe it
The most swanky Viet restaurant I've been to in my life
I look at the menu. 
 the options seem so good
But tonight I say this to my wife. 
. 
. 


"All I wanna do is have some pho. 
"
But I got a gotta feeling I gotta eat much mo'
All I wanna do is have some pho
But the best things they have there are dry bun noodles and luc lac bo
All I wanna do is have some pho
Warming up on a date night with my wifey on a sleepy Fullerton Boulevard. 
. 
. 


Unfortunately the pho was lukewarm at best
Flavor profile the soup didn't please
The spring roll had a flavor of slightly cooked spam
That put the taste buds in my mouth ill at ease
The bo luc lac had chunks of filet 
Flavorful and seasoned just right
It was flanked by a bowl of yin-yang shaped rice
The . 
tery yellow part I could eat all night
The bun cha gio tom thit nuong was by far and away
My wifey's and my most favorite course
The lightness of the sauce. 
 the crunchy egg roll
The perfectly grilled meats. 
. 
. 
must endorse

"All I wanna do is have some pho. 
"
But I was so happy that I got to eat much mo'
All I wanna do is have some pho
The best things they have there are dry bun noodles and luc lac bo
All I wanna do is have some pho
Warming up on a date night with my wifey on a sleepy Fullerton Boulevard. 
. 
. 


So if you want Vietnamese . 
 you wanna go
To a romantic modern date night restaurant
Go to Pho Olivia. 
. 
. 
the food's good . 
 not great
But the atmosphere is all the A+ you want

"All I wanna do is have some pho. 
"
But I was so happy that I got to eat much mo'
All I wanna do is have some pho
The best things they have there are dry bun noodles and luc lac bo
All I wanna do is have some pho
Warming up on a date night with my wifey on a sleepy Fullerton Boulevard. 
. 
. 




Pho was solid good. 
. 
. 
noodles a bit clumped up. 
 . 
 taste was fine. 
  Overall the food was very good and service was friendly and prompt. 
  

 I'd go there again. 



HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. 




The restaurant itself is very spacious. 
 I really like the high ceilings. 
 open space. 
 and comfy booths and they have extremely eclectic taste in music. 
 which I enjoy. 
 I'm a stickler for cleanliness so I really appreciate that they keep not only their dining room . 
 their bathrooms spotless. 


Foodwise. 
 I don't think you'll find a place around here that will give you better quality for such a reasonable price. 
 The pho is always consistent and you can tell that they put a lot of care into how the broth and ingredients are made. 
 I am extremely sensitive to food containing MSG - I get a headache. 
stomach ache immediately after consumption- so I am amble to confidently say that Pho Olivia does not use any MSG in their food because I have not felt these symptoms any time that i've dined here. 
 which is a main reason why I keep coming back. 


Aside from the Pho. 
 I really like to order the different types of spring rolls that they offer. 
 and the beef salad is always tasty. 
 I think the menu offers a wide variety of traditional and modern cuisine and it seems like they are always cooking up something new in the kitchen. 


TL:DR - clean establishment. 
 friendly. 
honest service. 
 delicious. 
healthy food. 
 Check it out. 



I ordered the number 1 which has all the good stuff and I left full and happy. 
 I really have nothing negative to say about here and I would definitely come back when I am in the area. 




Now for the Service. 
. 
. 
 Olivia is a great owner. 
operator. 
 Greeted with a smile right when you walk in the door and right to your table. 
 Took our order quick and helped the newbies that we brought along with the menu. 
 Always checked on us and made sure the newbies were pleased. 
 Just as the food. 
 Pure Awesomeness. 


I'm never one to judge a restaurant by its decor. 
 . 
 at Pho Olivia. 
 you can't help . 
 compliment. 
 Beautious. 
. 
. 
 

All in all. 
 love this place. 
 Glad YELP exists so the word can be spread. 
 Thanks Olivia. 






I ordered a small pho with rare beef and it was absolutely delicious :) This place certainly satisfied my craving. 
 especially with the nice decor. 
 clean restrooms. 
 and peaceful Christmas music playing. 
 I'll for sure be coming back to this place next time I crave pho while at school. 



The broth was great. 
 the basil was fresh and the portion were large. 
 It was everything that I've wanted  for my hangover. 




*Update* 
Broth wasn't quite up to snuff for me today
*Update*
Got the chicken vermicelli and veggie springrolls today. 
 Chicken vermicelli was pretty tasty. 
 spring rolls were so-so. 
 However. 
 maybe I'm just a fat ass . 
 I was still physically hungry when I finished. 
. 
. 
and having paid $13 I felt a little ripped off. 



Appetizer got the shrimp spring roll very bland and not worth the money also pretty small. 
 The sauce was good though. 


My bf and I ordered large N1 which consisted of beef. 
 tendon. 
 brisket etc. 
 At first glance the bowl is rather small comparatively to other pho places especially for a large" . 
 I guess its there own medium version. 
 The broth was decent. 
 good flavor. 
 . 
 the beef didn't taste to fresh. 
 Aside from that though it was okay. 


The service is pretty bad though except for the host he's very friendly. 
 . 
 the servers really laaaag. 
 We had to ask every time for a refill. 
 and no one came by once except when a new customer came in. 


Its not bad for being one of the only Pho places in Fullerton BUT I think I might just wait till I'm back down in Garden Grove for some real Pho :)


The sides are very stingily portioned. 
 

I also had their spring rolls and coconut sorbet. 
 I had the spring rolls without mint (the only thing I don't eat) and it tasted bland. 
 The sauce wasn't very good. 
 It resembled thinned out peanut . 
ter with a few peanut chunks and veggie slivers. 
 

The coconut sorbet was quite good. 
 It was thick and creamy (not icy). 
 almost like ice cream. 
 It tasted like coconut meat. 
 not just coconut juice. 
 

Service was kind and smiley. 
 The restaurant (including the restroom) is very clean which is a pleasant change from the typical pho restaurant. 


I'd be happy to return here for dessert. 
 . 
 not for Vietnamese dishes. 


The cold spring rolls were good in texture . 
 totally bland. 
 Will skip those next time. 

The veggie pho was tasty. 
 good broth and full of tofu (Ellie gives you 3-4 pieces. 
 this large bowl had too many to count). 

The interior is very nice. 
 fancy . 
 not too stuck up. 
 it's pho after all. 
 But I remember when it was Bionic Records. 
 what a trip to be there now. 

I will return for sure. 
 Vegan approved. 



What would I not go back for? The traditional spring rolls accompanied by a peanut sauce with a completely unappetizing odor. 
 I seriously had to push the sauce across the table from me so that I couldn't smell it anymore. 
 And the roll just wasn't that great. 
 Plus. 
 it took nearly 20 minutes to get the pho (and I think that there was only one other customer in the restaurant at that time). 
 So. 
 I am not sure what the issue was there. 
 

They did have a good deal going - 20% of pho (dine in only). 
 which made a generous-sized bowl only about $5. 
50. 


My friends & I frequent this place a lot for it's good food and friendly. 
 chill atmosphere. 
 
They play live music some nights which are also enjoyable. 
 

May I add. 
 this is also the only Vietnamese restaurant i go to where I have ordered food other than Pho. 

Seriously recommend. 



So there you go. 
 

NO MSG = missing pho sweetness = not quite authentic taste

Service on the other hand was excellent. 




This place is like a magic door that takes you from the ghetto plaza that it's in (. 
99 only and Big Lots are next door). 
 to an upscale dining room at a nice hotel. 
 Wood floors and nice furniture? Ambient lighting and nicely upholstered chairs? AT A PHO RESTAURANT?  YES PLEASE. 


Anyways. 
 besides being a pleasant environment to dine in. 
 the food is excellent. 
 I've tried the pho bowls. 
 vermicelli bowls. 
 and rolls and they are always of the highest quality ingredients. 
 THE BROTH IS AWESOME. 
 AND HOT. 
 

Everytime I go. 
 it seems like it is more popular. 
 The service is awesome. 
 The owners are really attentive and genuinely kind. 
 

Tip: Order a side of sliced onions. 
 squeeze some lemon juice on 'em and drizzle with Tiger Blood. 



They have a very small menu and some items aren't on there when comparing it to other menus. 
 Another menu is made of paper and some are wrinkled and dirty. 


We ordered appetizers. 
. 
. 
 Nem Nuong Cuon (grilled pork patties in spring roll form) and Canh Ga Chien Buu (chicken wings fried in . 
ter). 
 The nem nuong cuon was pretty good . 
 I think it would've been better with actual peanut sauce. 
 I don't know what kind of sauce it was . 
 it was all right. 
 not too bad. 
 The chicken wings were pretty small in size. 
 came with six pieces. 
 and was okay. 
decent. 


I ordered the Pho Tai Gan (rare steak and tendons) in a large and when it came out. 
 the broth was hot as expected. 
 I don't know how they make it the broth . 
 it was blasting with flavor. 
 I literally had an orgasm in my mouth. 


My friends ordered the Bun Cha Gio Thit Nuong (vermecilli noodles with eggrolls and grilled pork). 
 I tried the grilled pork and it didn't have a lot of flavor to it. 
 The eggrolls were good though. 


Prices are very high for what you're getting. 
 Learned this the hard way. 



Service - Yay. 
 I'm a Fan - See Below. 

Cleanliness - Excellent
Price - $8. 
92 (includes tax and tip)
Seafood - Yes. 
 mainly shrimp. 

Meats - Yes. 
 beef. 
 chicken. 
 and pork
Vegetables - Yes. 
 salads
Dessert - Yes. 
 Greenbean w. 
 tapioca & coconut milk. 
 sorbets. 
 chocolate cake. 
 cheesecake. 
 etc. 

Fruits - N. 
A
Other - (1) Located in the 99 Cent Only Stores shopping center. 
  (2) Free parking in large private lot. 
  (3) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here--the minimum purchase on Credit Card is $10. 


What was ordered:

Customer Service (Complimentary) - Yay. 
 I'm a Fan (4 stars) - I find "mature" women to be attractive--especially the Asian ones. 
  We'll just say I was enchanted by the proprietor. 
  Our eyes locked and she gave me a smile. 
  She gestured with her hands letting me know that I could sit wherever I wanted. 
  Wham bam thank you ma'am I had my food--all with that lovely smile. 
  From the corner of my eye. 
 I noticed she would look over my way as she helped with other guests--to see if I needed anything. 
  

Pho Tai Sach ($6. 
36. 
 Large) - Yay. 
 I'm a Fan (4 stars) - The regular price for the Large is $7. 
95. 
 . 
 they were giving 20% off all entrees because of their Grand Opening. 
  The Pho Tai Sach is composed of rice noodle soup with rare beef and tripe with onions and scallions. 
  The Large is a good size--approximately 8 inches in diameter and 4 inch deep bowl. 
  The broth is good--"clean" tasting Pho broth with a beautiful clear brown color. 
  The beef is excellent quality and cut a bit thicker than most Pho restaurants. 
  Tripe was not overtly thick that it gets tangled up and was quite tender as well. 
  The noodles were perfectly al dente and they gave you a good amount of it. 


Bean Sprouts. 
 Basil. 
 and Lemon (Complimentary) - A-Ok (3 stars) - My only complaint is that they give you such a small amount of the bean sprouts and basil. 
  I love bean sprouts and especially love filling my bowl with the basil. 
  Oh. 
 Ms. 
 Olivia. 
 you are lucky you are so cute and you have that beautiful smile. 


Was I satisfied?  My eyes were. 
 . 
 my stomach was still lusting for some "dirty" Pho. 
  Don't get me wrong. 
 I like eating at clean Pho establishments. 
  However. 
 I think that "dirtiness" gives Pho some ummph. 
  So if you guys can recommend a good "dirty" Pho place. 
 holler at me. 
  Else. 
 I will be back to Pho Olivia to 'fan' Ms. 
 Olivia and her smile. 



the place was neat and clean too. 
  i've been to my share of pho places where the environment made me question whether i should be eating there. 
  it was reassuring to know that i won't have a second bout of stomach anything after my trip here


Service
In the middle of the afternoon. 
 we walked in and saw the guy working there with his headphones on. 
  It's not like the place was empty. 
  There were a few customers there. 
  When we were ready to order. 
 it took a while for us to get the person's attention because I couldn't just say "Hi. 
  Hello. 
  Excuse me. 
" because the only person working in the place at that time had his headphones on. 
  A few minutes went by and we were still waiting for the guy to turn his head around and finally a guy in the kitchen saw us. 
  If it was my business. 
 I would not have anybody with the headphones on visible in the dinning area (doesn't matter if you are the boss. 
owner). 
   That kind of customer service screams. 
 "Go away. 
 I don't want your business. 
"  

Food
Overpriced?  YES. 
  I don't mind paying for a little overpriced dishes IF they were great. 
  I will pay higher prices for great tasting food. 
 

Let me start out by saying that I have had my fair share of pho. 
 and this place is just very average. 
   I always have the pho soup whenever I go to Vietnamese places. 
 so guess what I had at this place?. 
? Yup. 
. 
. 
Pho soup with all different kinds of meat in it. 
  I ordered large ($7. 
95) because the small bowl looked a little too small and sure enough. 
 even large was much smaller than other pho places (It's a good thing I ordered large. 
  Small is probably for a kid). 
  When they brought the bean sprouts. 
 lime. 
 and mint leaves out. 
 there was no jalapeno peppers. 
  I had to ask for it. 
  They just assume that we don't need them or decided not to give it out until we asked for it. 
  I see. 
. 
. 
. 
never had to do that at any pho places before. 
  That was very minor. 
 so that was ok. 


We ordered vegetarian broth for chicken noodle soup. 
  The guy did not mention about an extra charge for vegetarian broth. 
  We specifically asked him when we sat down whether they have chicken broth or just beef broth. 
  He said. 
 yes you can have vegetarian broth if you don't want beef broth. 
  I did not see anywhere on the menu about vegetarian broth being more expensive either. 
 . 
 they charged us an extra $1 for ordering vegetarian broth. 
  Isn't vegetarian broth supposed to be cheaper? At almost every restaurant. 
 anything vegetarian is the cheapest. 
 and once you add meat. 
 it's a bit more expensive. 
 and once you order seafood. 
 it's the most expensive. 
   

It doesn't end there. 
  Vegetarian soup hardly had any meat in it. 
  My friend who is a slow eater for the first time finished her plate before anyone did and had to wait for us to finish and still didn't feel like she had enough to eat. 
  What is up with this place??

Customer service sucks with mediocre pho soup. 
  With all these pho places in the area. 
 I will definitely NOT go back to this place even for free. 



I went with a large group so we shared a few dishes. 
 and each got a bowl of pho. 
 I'm sure glad I did. 
 Because it was so tasty. 
 we ended up pigging out and finishing everything. 
 My Pho Chin Tai #4 was super tasty even with its msg-free broth. 
 The soup was hot. 
 meat tender. 
 and noodles cooked to perfection. 
 

But the big surprise was the Beef Salad. 
 One of the best salads I've had. 
 I ended up ordering an additional plate because sharing with my friend was definitely not enough. 
 The beef on the salad was good quality filet mignon. 
 and their dressing was light and refreshing. 


For dessert a must-try is their Crepes. 
 They are super generous with the nutella and bananas so it was literally oozing out of the crepe skin. 
 As full as I was. 
 I still inhaled this sweet morsel of heaven. 
 Totally did NOT expect a Vietnamese restaurant to have such delightful desserts. 
 

I'm already drooling over when my next visit will be. 



They have a good selection of other dishes. 
appetizers. 



Banana crepes are excellent. 







Next. 
 he brings in the special I ordered which was the eggroll and salad. 
 Mind you. 
 before I ordered I asked the waiter TWICE "is the eggroll vegetable eggroll?" And he nodded his head and said "yes. 
 yes. 
" So when he brought it. 
 I took a bite. 
 and lo and behold it has pork inside. 
 I haven't eaten pork for years. 
 let alone meat. 
 I am a vegetarian. 
 I was disgusted. 
 Then I told the manager. 
 "I thought the eggroll was veggie. 
" She responded. 
 "if you want vegetarian you need to tell the waiter before hand. 
" I said. 
 "yes. 
 I asked him TWICE was it veggie he said Yes. 
" They both walked away with an attitude and they started smirking as if it was MY fault they got my order wrong twice. 
 

Customer service is horrible. 
 I do not trust this place anymore. 
 I will never eat here. 
 They handled the situation horribly. 
 I have never seen worse customer service in my life. 
 It's a shame because I love Vietnamese. 
 I'm just going to have to find another place to go to now. 





A star for good service tho. 
 Hopefully I just came in on a bad day and that normally food taste awesome here. 
. 



Love love love this place. 
 I cannot say this enough. 
 Pho bowls come in regular. 
 large and super (Kal-el size). 
 Each are about a buck difference between the 3 of them. 
 You name the combination of beef. 
 it's on the menu. 
 Quality cuts of beef and decent portions of it. 
 I'm yet to be disapppointed. 


They have a mini appetizer menu for someone (singular or a pair at the most) who know that the pho will fill them up. 
 both the broth and the noodles. 
 I've tasted the croque monsieur and chicken curry skewers. 
 I prefer the first . 
 both are very reasonably priced. 
 like a buck and half to two bucks. 


Still love the very classy. 
 easy-listening. 
 and relaxed atmosphere. 
 It's the definition of understated elegance. 
 I love love love it. 


The staff is very attentive and very very friendly. 
 The pho comes out fast. 
 as fast goes for pho. 
 That means you can fill yourself up as fast as it comes. 
 Keep that in mind. 
 A pizza can never do that. 
 nor can anything you have to wok. 
 fry or whatever other method you can cook from the neighboring restaurants in the area. 


So that's my review. 
 I don't have just pho pride. 
 I have pho love. 
 and my love's name is Olivia. 



SERVICE AND SETTING

It's the cleanest pho restaurant I've ever been in. 
. 
. 
 by far. 
 really. 
  I used to think Pho Ha in Brea was clean. 
 . 
 it tends to be loud over there. 
  This one is clean. 
 quiet. 
 and comfortable. 
  Service tends to be decent. 
 which means above average for a pho shop. 


FOOD AND VALUE

Of course the star of the show is their pho. 
  It's pretty good. 
  The noodles are pretty firm and the broth isn't overly salty. 
  Meat comes in pretty generous portions and if you don't get enough greens with it they're happy to give you more. 


Of note compared to other places around here. 
 they also have some French inspired side dishes here as well. 
  One stood out whose name escapes me. 
 . 
 it was diced chicken with veggies on top of French bread - worth a try. 


Prices are quite high for a pho shop. 
  Expect to pay 1-2$ more than the other pho places in Fullerton which means like 4-5$ more than in Westminister. 


CONCLUSION

Not bad. 
 . 
 not amazing. 
 Pho Olivia stands out as one of the cleaner and maybe classier pho shops in the area. 
 . 
 be prepared to pay a little more than the other places. 



So I ordered a chicken salad and bbq pork rice plate. 
  I wasn't sure what I was expecting. 
 . 
 I was thinking it'll be something pretty terrible. 


Bottom line though was this:  It was fantastic. 
  That was some of the most tender chicken I've ever had from an asian food grill. 
 not to mention flavorful. 
  The . 
ter rice is interesting. 
 . 
 the name in itself has me health conscious. 
  The only thing was I wish they had a selection variety for the salad dressing. 
  Though I can imagine not a lot of customers would be ordering the salad. 
 so it makes sense to not stock a ton of dressings. 


I would recommend this place for their rice plates. 
  Have not tried the soup and noodles yet. 




FOOD: 2 star

[ PHO TAI ]
When you eat pho. 
 you rate it on how the broth is. 
 That's what seriously makes PHO pho. 
 other than the meats and noodles. 
 Unfortunately. 
 the broth was so clear that it literally felt like I was drinking hot watered down soup that had no richness to it. 
 I had to drown my soup in sriracha sauce to add any kind of flavors to it. 


The soup consisted of 90% noodles and 10% rare beef. 
. 
 WTH. 
 Talk about getting ripped offffff. 


If you're a fan of noodles. 
. 
 and just noodles alone in Pho Tai then this would be it. 
 But I at least expect the meats to be in the 30%. 


[ SHRIMP SPRING ROLL ]

Definitely regretted getting this cause not only was the spring roll's rice paper kinda hard and super chewy on my end (it's suppose to be soft when fresh) and the fillings inside where so sparse that you literally just taste the noodles and pieces of mint. 
 The peanut sauce was THE worst I've ever had. 
 Like seriously. 
 don't even bother serving the sauce. 
 cause all I'll do is pack it on hot sauce. 
 It was taste-less and unappetizing. 
 An appetizer that's unappetizing? GEEZ. 
. 
. 
 how sad is that. 


PRICE: 1 star
At $7. 
50 a bowl for their large. 
 you really don't get anything . 
 a massive amount of noodles. 


SERVICE: 1 star

Wasn't expecting much from service since Pho places aren't known for greeeeat service you know? . 
 all they pretty much did was just take your order and drop off your food at your table. 
 DUNZO. 



Won't be coming back here or ever recommending this place everrrr again. 
 There are far better pho restaurants you need to check out instead. 







The crepe appetizer was magnificent. 
 It arrived gorgeously presented. 
 and tasted even better. 
 The flavors were well balanced. 
 and the taste of the coconut milk in the egg was not at all overpowering. 
 rather was totally pleasant. 
 You must wrap in the lettuce and cilantro and dip for the full effect. 


My BBQ pork bun bowl was out of this world. 
 The chargrilled taste of the pork was an A+. 
 I savored every piece slowly. 
 My daughter got the grilled shrimp bun bowl. 
 and these were similarly excellent. 
 The shrimp released taste with every chew. 
  with none of the unpleasant oft-encountered farm-raised shrimp undertones. 
 

It was a hot day. 
 so we will have to wait until a rainy day to try the Pho. 
 

Oh. 
 and if you like photography. 
 there are five small . 
 fascinating black and white gems hanging on the walls. 
 street scenes of rural Hanoi from days gone by. 


The owner was clearly delighted to see us enjoy her food and takes well earned pride in it. 
 She pointed out that she reacts badly to MSG herself. 
 so hers is a kitchen free of this additive. 
  Pleasant lady. 
 I imagine that the (literally) sister site in La Habra is well worth checking out too. 






The number one thing thats a good pho is the broth. 
 and this restaurant's broth is delicious. 
  It doesn't taste overly salty like other places. 
  All the food is very fresh and so far everything we've ordered has been equally as good. 


The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I really like the option of getting egg noodles. 
 unfortunately they only serve their pho with rice noodles. 
  I know I know. 
. 
. 
 pho is served with rice noodles. 
 . 
 I like egg every once in a while. 
 and so do my kids. 


The restaurant itself is very nice. 
 clean and the staff are always pleasant. 



Overall. 
 we were very happy with our dinner. 
  As mentioned earlier. 
 the service was good. 
  The server always checked on us. 
 and kept our water glasses full. 
  As mentioned in other reviews. 
 their prices are higher than other Pho places. 
  Still. 
 I can recommend this place for a fine dining experience. 





Pho is very light and clean. 
 so delicous. 



I bought two to-go special bowls and when I got home. 
 what I received was a bowl with like 3-4 four thinly sliced pieces of beef. 
 no tendon. 
 no tripe. 
 Seriously? 

Next time if you order a to-go. 
 please check it in front of those guys. 
 May sound rude . 
 you have to. 
 if you don't want to be "fortunate" like me


First time I took my bf to pho. 
 and we're both originally from the San Gabriel area which is like the mecca of all Asian related foods so I've had plenty of pho. 
 

Ordered the spring rolls. 
 which pretty average. 
 You have the option of shrimp or pork. 
 . 
 not both? Or maybe it was my bad and didn't understand the menu right. 


The pho comes in three size. 
 and the small is more than enough. 
 I got the rare beef and brisket. 
 actually we both did. 
 and it was pretty good. 
 The broth didn't taste too sweet or anything. 
 which was great. 
 The little veggie platter that they brought out was missing jalapenos. 
 which is one of my favorite parts. 
 

The service was a little slow. 
 . 
 friendly. 
 

AWKWARD MOMENT OF THE NIGHT: Older white dude singing Simon and Garfunkel type songs at a pho restaurant. 
 He's not bad at all. 
 . 
 awkward nonetheless. 






This place is really good. 
 Food is great and service is great. 
 They have live music every Friday night. 
 so that's a plus. 
 Overall. 
 I recommend everyone try it at least once. 



Overall. 
 lunch was dissatisfying for me that day. 



I do have to compliment the waitress though. 
 She was very attentive and checked up on me a few times. 
  That doesn't usually happen at Vietnamese restaurant. 
 so thumbs up for her. 







When I came in. 
 I was seated immediately. 
 After ordering. 
 I ended up chatting with the two men who play music on Fridays apparently. 
 . 
 had been called in to play love songs for Valentines Day. 
 I got my Thai Tea fairly quickly after ordering. 
 and got a look around the place. 
 The interior decorating is very nice and clean. 
 and despite being relatively small the overall ambiance inside was very nice. 


The Thai Tea was okay. 
 When I got it I stirred it up and took a sip to see how it was. 
 I had read several of the comments about how it was really watered down so I was expecting the worst. 
 I was surprised to find that it was actually okay flavor wise. 
 . 
 did notice as more time passed. 
 it did become pretty watered down to the point where I could barely taste the flavor of the Thai Tea. 
 

Entree wise. 
 I ordered the BBQ Beef with the garlic . 
ter rice. 
 The serving size was quite generous and the food itself came to me quickly. 
 or rather what I felt was quickly. 
 I came alone and was in no real rush since I had come after my last class for the day and had no outstanding plans for the rest of the evening. 
 The presentation of the food itself was nice. 
 and the meat proved to be tasty. 
 I ended up eating all of the meat and having a bit of the garlic . 
ter rice leftover since I was too full to finish it. 
 The two band guys were pushing the idea of the banana and nutella crepe. 
 . 
 at this point I was just too full to even consider dessert. 


After I was done. 
 I moved my plate to the side of the table so it would be more easily seen by the waiters or other employees that may pass by. 
 My only real complaint is that I ended up waiting about 5 - 10 minutes for my plate to be picked up. 
 and I understand that by then the restaurant was also much busier than it had been when I had walked in. 
 . 
 by the time they came by and picked it up I had taken out my sketchbook to pass the time. 
 

Overall I really like this place so far. 
 Perhaps next time I come I will actually try their Pho or other dishes. 



The second time. 
 I ate there with my family after my graduation from Cal State Fullerton. 
 The place was pretty busy and there was basically only about two people serving the entire restaurant while I'm sure the rest of the crew were in the kitchen making all the orders. 
 Despite the amount of people at the restaurant at the time and even though it did take a little while to get our order. 
 about 12-15 minutes. 
 their service was in my opinion excellent. 
 There was even one occasion where one customer was nagging one of the employees about her order despite the fact that the place was pretty busy. 
 Regardless of the small rush. 
 the servers still helped us and served us with a smile and were even able to refill my drinks almost instantly. 
 

Overall as far as I know. 
 I believe these guys represent how servers should perform on the job. 
 Despite how busy it was. 
 they were able to convey the idea that we were welcome to their establishment. 
 I totally recommend coming here for Pho since. 
 needless to say. 
 their food was also excellent. 


The Vegetarian Spring Rolls are pretty darn good too. 
  Not the biggest fan of their peanut sauce. 
 . 
 with Hoisin on the table. 
 you can't go wrong. 

We generally try to go here on weeknights. 
 as we've found weekends. 
 when there is live music. 
 to be pretty crowded. 
  
All in all. 
 I generally recommend Pho Olivia to anyone that is looking for some good Pho'. 





I enjoy Pho. 
 . 
 I would not call myself an expert. 
 Nevertheless. 
 it was tasty and filling (with generous portions). 
 For the price you pay. 
 it hits the spot. 



Aside from the business owner. 
  This restaurant is a very cozy and romantic setting if you want to go out for lunch or a date. 
  

For a Vietnamese Style Restaurant it is very authentic menu selection outside of Westminster (Little Saigon). 



We started with the spring rolls. 
 They make their own sausage. 
 It's not spam. 
 The sauce is amazing. 
  I would enjoy a bowl to eat like soup. 
 It's got bits of chicken and crab and has a slightly creamy consistency. 
 I had Bun or vermicelli noodles with lemongrass beef. 
 Best I've ever had. 
 

Dessert was a thin light crepe made with rice flour and filled with bananas and nutella. 
 It was a great way to end the meal. 



The beef in my pho was so good. 
 I'm admittedly a slow eater so by the end of the meal. 
 my beef gets a bit tough. 
 . 
 not this one. 
 That's when you know it's high quality ingredients. 
 The broth was delicious. 
 Flavorful and just enough fat. 
 not overly fatty. 
 The small was perfect for me . 
 they offer one larger size too. 


Btw. 
 the women's restroom had 2 stalls and was super clean. 
 YAY. 
 Given the size of the restaurant. 
 I wasn't expecting a separate mens and womens let alone 2 stalls in the women's bathroom. 


Thanks Yelpers for introducing me to this gem. 
 Btw. 
 they were about to close for a private party when I was there. 


Even so. 
 after countless visits to Pho Olivia. 
 they haven't let me down once. 
 I order the small size pho with chicken (white meat. 
 which in my opinion. 
 tastes best) and it's usually the perfect size. 

My go to pho spot. 



The service is always great and efficient. 
 Within a handful minutes of sitting down they took my order and my food was at the table. 
 I went in tonight and I could have been out in less than 30 minutes if I wanted to because they are that quick. 
 . 
 I decided to sit and relax for a little bit with some hot tea. 
 which has free refills. 
 I never felt rushed to get out despite having already boxed up my meal and slowly working on my pot of tea. 
 I've come here when I'm hungover. 
 I've come here when I'm sick like tonight. 
 and I've come here when I'm just craving a good bowl of pho. 
 I really don't get there as often as I like . 
 that's because normally when I go out for food I go to where my friends are which is other parts of Fullerton and the surrounding cities. 
 Every person I've been able to bring here loves it so hopefully I'll be able to get more people to try it out in the near future. 


They also have a much more modern set up than any other hole in the wall Asian noodle soup restaurant I've been to (that includes ramen. 
 udon. 
 and other pho places). 
 which is a nice change. 
 Tonight. 
 because I haven't been feeling too well. 
 I considered just getting it take-out. 
 . 
 I love the service and the atmosphere so much (and what I've got isn't contagious) I decided to dine in and I wasn't disappointed. 


As long as I live in the area this will be my go-to pho restaurant. 
 I just wish they had a location out by my parents' house that I could go to when I visit them. 



I walked in and it was really clean. 
 casual with a very mild formal taste. 
 The workers are very "smiley" an friendly. 
 Ordered the Pho Tai and Thai Thai. 
 
Thai tea was alright. 
 The Pho is very good. 
 despite the fact that they don't put much meat in the broth. 
 the meat is very high quality meat. 
 There's not much noodles in the soup either. 
 Nonetheless. 
 the pho here is good. 
 and no one can take that away from them. 
 Just wished it was a little cheaper. 
 Most of the vietnamese places I've been to is the 6 dollar range. 
 even for the bigger bowl sizes. 
 Their A O spring rolls are delicious too. 
 . 
 instead of the sauce they give you I just use the sriracha. 
 Bomb. 
. 
. 
. 




I saw the sign outside that said "20% off" and was stoked. 
 Then I saw the  M-F in small writing and it being Saturday. 
. 
. 
 damn. 
 

I just ordered the Pho w. 
 Rare Beef. 
 The bowl was big. 
 Lots of soup and loaded with noodles. 
 I'm not really sure if I like the broth or not. 
 It was on the sweet side. 
 Never tasted broth like it before. 
 It was different. 
 . 
. 
 I don't know. 
 Nonetheless. 
 I did finish it off. 


Service like all Pho places was fast. 
 

Atmosphere was decent. 
 

I may try them again. 
 Maybe my depression had an effect on my visit. 
 It's possible. 
 Nothing seems good when you feel empty inside. 



Price:  Fair compared to Irvine. 
 expensive compared to Westminster
Portion:  Small. 
  Ok for kids and ladies. 
  Not for the marathoner. 

Taste:  Fair. 
  Pho broth is good. 
  no MSG does detract a bit. 

Service:  Good. 

Facilities:  Very clean. 
 . 
 a few annoying flies by our window seat was well. 
 annoying. 


Overall just A-OK. 
  Will probably opt for a dirtier place for better food next time. 
. 
. 




We arrived near closing time (at around 8 pm). 
 and were greeted with a pleasant surprise -- a local band singing 1960s-1970s Classic Rock. 
  The best part -- one of the servers played the fiddle alongside the band when he wasn't helping diners in the restaurant. 
  

I ordered bun (or vermicelli noodles) with eggrolls and BBQ pork. 
  It came with a plentiful serving of lettuce. 
 bean sprouts. 
 herbs -- definitely refreshing. 
 tasty and perfect for a warm summer night. 
  My boyfriend ordered the pho with rare steak. 
 which was seasoned well and fresh. 
 

It was definitely a delicious and unique experience. 
 I've never listened to live renditions of "Scarborough Fair" while slurping on noodles before. 








Beef salad: 5
Pho tai: 5
Bo luc lac: 5
Eggrolls: 4
Spring rolls: 3 (Sorry guys. 
  You guys are good BUT you can't beat Brodard's famous spring roll. 
)


My sister and I came here on a Sunday afternoon and were the only ones there. 
 We walked into a dark restaurant with a guy sitting in a booth watching TV on his laptop. 
 After we sat down. 
 he turned on the lights and music for us. 
 My sister asked for boba. 
 which they advertise on their window. 
 to which the server told us they had "run out for the day". 
 Um. 
. 
 it's like 11AM. 
 My sister then asks for just the milktea that is the basic tea you drink boba with. 
 The server brings us back a glass of green tea with lime in it. 
 and a bowl of coffee creamer. 
 Are you fucking kidding me?

At this point. 
 we should have left . 
 decided to stay and order our pho. 
 I order a large bowl and my sister orders a small. 
 We get our food. 
 and the amount of noodles is pathetic. 
 Not only do our bowls have the same amount of noodles. 
 the total amount of noodles is about the size of a tennis ball. 
 Being as polite as possible. 
 I go up to the server and show him the lack of noodles in my bowl. 
 He briskly asks. 
 "so you want more noodles?" to which I reply "yes. 
" He brings me a small ricebowl of noodles on the side. 
 

After we finish our mediocre meal. 
 we get ready to pay. 
 We were actually charged $2 for the side of noodles. 
 It was unbelievable. 
 I have never left a restaurant so unsatisfied. 
 

And the best part? The whole time we were eating our food. 
 the server was sitting in the booth across from us watching TV on his laptop. 



We both ordered the cold vermicelli since it was way too hot to have a bowl of hot soup. 
  The waiter was pleasant and told us about their new specials on their menu. 
  The vermicelli (along with our thai iced teas) were plentiful. 
  I am usually able to eat my entire bowl without much hesitation. 
  Strangely. 
 both my friend and I felt like it was the bowl of vermicelli that never ended. 
  Thankfully. 
 it was flavorful and generous in their portions and ingredients. 
  

I would say Pho Olivia is an upscale vietnamese restaurant. 
  Yes. 
 you will be paying about $1. 
50-$2. 
00 more per entree. 
  But. 
 you won't have to deal with the sticky tables. 
 floors. 
 or blaring music. 
  

Which leads me to my last point. 
  I understand that it was a slow Sunday afternoon. 
  But. 
 all the servers basically disappeared into the kitchen or back room somewhere after we got our food. 
  The restaurant felt like ghost town. 
  It would have been nice for them to come sometime during our meal to check to see if we needed anything. 
  Nonetheless. 
 when we finally found them when we were ready to leave. 
 they were more than helpful. 



The first time I ordered pho tai and my friend got the thit nuong dish. 
 I honestly could not get over how great my pho tasted that day. 
 It might also have been the overcast that made me feel warm inside . 
 the broth and texture of the beef that day was to die for. 
 I also had a bite of my friends dish because her plate came with garlic . 
tered rice. 
 Oh lord. 
 that rice made my jaws drop. 
 I took another two bites after that because I could not get over how good the rice tasted. 


My second time I went. 
 my friends and I all ordered pho. 
 This time. 
 my pho did not taste as great as the first time. 
 The broth had tasted a little different and not as rich. 
 BUT the meat texture was still nice and tender. 
 

The service here was mediocre. 
 They do not really pay that much attention to the customers. 
 We had already been done eating for maybe a good 15 minutes with some left overs and they did not ask if we needed a box to go. 
 

Other than that. 
 I was still impressed with its overall quality and wouldnt mind going back. 




Food: 10. 
10 love the pho here. 
 Noodles. 
 broth. 
 and meat are excellent. 
 Everythings fresh and you can tell

Service: 10. 
10 could not possibly be better. 
 You walk in and are immediately greated with warm friendly service. 
 Food arrived within minutes of orders (literally the fastest sit down service I've ever had). 
 They filled our waters before we even knew we were out. 
 Everything was perfect. 
 

Atmosphere: 10. 
10 (11. 
10 on Fridays. 
) very different from the "average" pho place with yellow lights and plastic cups. 
 here you get proper booths. 
tables. 
 glass glasses. 
 and plastic chopsticks. 
 Fridays are an extra treat as they have a live band playing classic rock. 
 One of the servers accompanies the band when not helping customers and is possibly one of the best violinists i've ever heard live. 
 

Price: 10. 
10 Only a dollar more expensive than most pho places (my large pho tai chin was only about $7. 
49) which makes this place seem so cheap when you take into account everything else. 
 And their large is indeed a large same size as most pho places. 
 If you're feeling extra hungry they offer an extra large. 
 

I'm not usually one for long reviews. 
 . 
 I felt compelled because this place is so good. 
 Definitely a gem near Cal State Fullerton. 



While going to school I lived about 5 min from this Pho Olivia. 
 and I went at least once a week if not more. 
 Let's just say I went so much that they knew my regular order. 
 (Eggrolls and N4) I graduated in April. 
 moved to Long Beach and tried another place once (which didn't even compare) in the 4 months I was there. 
 

I have since moved back to the area. 
 and I am so happy to be close to Pho Olivia again. 
 I don't even know where to begin. 
 The pho is amazing. 
 The vermicelli is amazing. 
 The fried rice is amazing. 
 The salads are amazing. 
 The egg rolls and spring rolls are amazing. 
 I tried another appetizer one time. 
 some kind of pork on a stick in a spring roll wrapper. 
 also. 
. 
. 
AMAZING. 
 Also. 
 when it's really cold. 
 I always get the hot jasmine green tea. 
 It's served in adorable little cast iron teapots. 
 Love it. 
 And they have wonderful vegetarian options. 
 I am not a vegetarian. 
 . 
 I have friends who have said repeatedly how much they love this place. 
 The veggies are fresh and crispy. 
 The meats are tender and well seasoned. 
 The noodles and rice are perfection. 


Once I came here and they wouldn't serve us pho because it wasn't up the the quality that they wanted it to be. 
 I was a majorly impressed. 
 One. 
 they probably risk losing a lot of money that day not serving pho. 
 Two. 
 there are plenty of other delicious things to order that it really didn't even matter. 
 Also. 
 we got a little discount because of the minor inconvenience. 


Recently. 
 I had friends. 
 who frequented Olivia's while they were in school . 
 have since moved back up north. 
 come to visit and of all the yummy places to eat. 
 they wanted to have dinner here. 
 Additionally. 
 they claim to think about getting pho from Olivia's about once a week. 
 Bottom line (if you didn't get it from my previous paragraphs) THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. 
 The food is amazing. 
 the price is affordable. 
 the ambiance is relaxing and the service couldn't be better. 
 An all around great place to have a meal. 



I'm open to suggestions of "better" places. 
 . 
 I had a great experience. 
  I went with a friend (well-versed in pho). 
 he said "they want to appeal to white people. 
 pho places don't normally look this nice. 
  They're more geared toward turning tables" (he's from El Salvador). 
  It was very nice inside. 
 they were playing Sinatra. 
 the sole server this Sunday afternoon was very friendly. 


I wasn't sure what to get so I just ordered the same as my friend (veggie and tofu pho and young coconut water [?] to drink). 
  Loved loved loved the water. 
  Very refreshing. 
  Ordered a canned version later that night (also good. 
 though not as much so). 


There wasn't anything I didn't enjoy about the meal. 
  Everything seemed cooked well. 
 everything tasted good. 
 the produce appeared and tasted fresh. 
 nothing was too heavy or salty. 
 and it wasn't too expensive. 
  I'll be going again for sure. 



We usually head to Westminster or GG for Pho. 
 . 
 figure to try this place because it was so close. 
. 
. 
We were completely disappointed. 
 next time I will head to the Pho shop off imperial for something close. 
  Everything just comes across completely mediocre if that. 
. 
. 
What a waste. 
 there goes an hour of my life I will never get back. 



   
This is a family owned and operated restaurant. 
  The staffs are very friendly and their service is of the highest quality. 
  They warmly greet my family and remember our order every time we come here. 
  The restaurant is very clean and the décor is simple and elegant. 
  It is truly a hidden treasure when it comes to the best Vietnamese's beef soup. 
  They have one location in La Habra and the second one in Fullerton. 
  I highly recommend that you give it a try when you are in these neighborhoods. 
  For me. 
 a thirty minute drive to this place for a delicious bowl of pho once or twice a week is truly worth the drive. 




This food establishment is located in a dingy dirty strip mall. 
 . 
 not the case for this hole in the wall goodie. 
 Very clean inside and a completely different scenery change from the chipping paint of all the buildings and dirt stained concrete side walks. 
 Their menu is a little difficult to decipher considering the foreign language is first and you have to read the description in order to know what the item is. 
 They have a large list of soups and rice dishes. 
 . 
 the one that stood out to me most was the Vietnamese crepe appetizer. 


 I ordered one of those and my girlfriend ordered a chicken pho noodle soup. 
 The crepe came on one plate and on the other was lettuce and a little dipping bowl with sauce. 
 I was a bit confused . 
 the waiter. 
 who was very helpful and excited to be a part of our first pho experience. 
 told me that the crepe gets cut into slices. 
 wrapped in lettuce and then dipped in to the sauce. 
 Yum yum is all I can say to that. 
 The crepe had beef and been sprouts and was in an egg milk batter. 
 hardy and delicious by itself. 
 . 
 when wrapped in the lettuce and dipped into the sweet sauce it was quite a pleasant treat. 
 It was both an entree and a dessert. 
 The soup was good. 
 just noodles. 
 chicken. 
 broth. 
 and veggies. 
 They were smart and included multiple side items like bean sprouts. 
 lime. 
 mint leaves. 
 and hot sauce to customize your soup to your own liking. 
 With the right amount of hot sauce that broth became the ultimate ill recovery soup. 
 Portion sizes were generous. 
 Everyone who came in asked what the small soup size looked like and the waitress would point to another customers bowl and everyone who saw it stuck with that size. 
 I will push the limit one day and go for the large. 


Everyone their was very polite and prices were decent. 
 Entrees between seven and ten dollars. 
 . 
 for the amount of food you get the price is worth it. 
 I did enjoy this place. 
 I continue to support its four star rating and look forward to my return and have another go at that delicious crepe. 



They have a cheesy singer with a guitar on Friday nights which kinda ruined my dinner. 
. 
. 
food was still good though. 


Olivia- you need a new rule for your wait staff: NO LAPTOPS IN THE RESTAURANT. 
 The shorter waiter just couldn't break his attention away from what appeared to be a movie on the laptop in the staff booth at the rear. 
 The tall waiter did 90% of the work. 
 . 
 he too kept grabbing glimpses of the laptop screen. 
 
A dad with three younger children had to go to the rear and ask for assistance as he was finished and the kids were restless. 

My food was served rather on the cool side. 
 probably sat on counter for a few minutes during an exciting movie scene. 




after ordering the pho tai. 
 dad leans over and takes a sniff. 
 i hold my breath in anticipation and felt anxious for the owners. 
 he didn't even add any chili. 
 basil. 
 or lemon before scooping up a spoonful of the broth to taste. 
 finally. 
 he declared (and i'm translating here): it's good. 
 not too much star anise taste or smell. 
 the broth is clear and naturally sweet. 
 it's not bad. 


not bad?. 
? coming from dad. 
 that's the equivalent of excellent in my book. 
 i dug into my bowl and ate it with relish. 
 knowing that i was eating a not-bad-equal-to-good enough-bowl-of-pho from the pho master himself. 



They greeted me quickly and took my order. 
  The food is just what I expect to get and tasty. 
  I was in and out of there with very reasonable cost. 




Just recently i tried their special garlic noodle with shrimp. 
 have to say this is the best yellow noodle dish i ever had. 


Highly recommend anyone who wants to eat good vietnamese food to come here. 
 Anything you order is good. 
 And gotta mention the service is great too. 
 very rare to receive good service at any vietnamese restaurant. 




- Was excited to drink the thai ice tea . 
 was in for a huge downer. 
 The tea itself tasted extremely watered down and the boba was all crumbled up and weird at the bottom. 
 Told them in the nicest way possible with a smile that it tasted watered down thinking maybe they just messed up on this one drink. 
 BUT NO. 
 The waiter just poured more of the same bland drink in after removing some of the ice. 
 leaving the same terrible boba at the bottom. 
 I didnt have the heart to send it back again so we just left the full glass on the table. 
 They never questioned why we never drank it the whole time we were there. 


- Usually pho restaurants take about 10-15 minutes or LESS to bring out your pho. 
 This place took about 45 minutes and there was no one else besides my friend and I at this point. 
 As for the pho. 
 it was decent. 
. 
. 
 not decent enough to wait 45 minutes for. 
 Also. 
 there wasn't that much meat. 
 

- Pork rolls weren't the greatest. 
 They were ok. 
 

We came in really excited and hungry due to all the ratings on yelp . 
 left unsatisfied. 
 I recommend anyone that wants amazing pho to go to Saigon Noodle House in Diamond Bar. 
 CA. 
 I've gotten about 5 of my friends addicted to their pho and their pork rolls are super good. 
 :)


I love the lunch specials. 
 I love the people working here. 
 super sweet. 
 I also love the thai iced tea yay :)

I crave this whenever I drive down chapman. 



and their banana chocolate crepe is really yummy. 
. 
. 



I met up with some of my friends and we were starving. 
  The nice waiter took our orders quickly and got us some waters and tea. 
  

I got the pho tai chin gan (pho with rare beef. 
 brisket and tendon). 
  The broth tasted clean. 
 tendon was delicious and I instead of brisket I asked for the filet mignon slices instead. 
  It was pretty damn good. 
  I love my pho with extra sprouts. 
 basil leaves and lots and lots of sriracha sauce. 


Service was attentive. 
 always filling our glasses with water. 
 asking us if we needed anything else. 
  

I will say that $7 for a large bowl at Pho Olivia is kind of high. 
 considering the fact if you go to Westminster. 
 a large bowl is usually $5-$6 and it's a LARGE bowl. 
  

Overall. 
 it's a good local place with good food and the restaurant was clean. 
  Stop playing that weird jazzy music though. 



CONS: not enough noodle in the Pho





The staff was really nice as well. 
 And the portions were large as well. 



I tend to eat my take out as soon as I get home (so its as fresh as I can get it once I get in my house. 
) So total time between receiving it and getting to my house  5-7 minutes. 
  I ordered the Pho tom and the shrimp cuon (spring rolls). 
 
'
Pho Tom (Shrimp Pho) - The broth was quite delicious. 
 not greasy. 
 not strangely separating between water. 
oil. 
 The noodles all BROKE at the grasp of my chopsticks. 
 Now. 
 I don't believe I have superhuman chopstick strength. 
 and this hasn't happened to me before. 
 so why oh why were the noodles all crumbly. 
 Its ok. 
 they still tasted fine. 
 . 
 not great. 
 Plenty of bean sprouts and lemons. 
 . 
 all I got was one teeny tiny sprig of mint. 
 no basil. 
 no jalapeno. 
 Lots of shrimp. 
 I compare this to other pho places I've been. 
 where you order shrimp pho. 
 you get like 3-5 shrimp. 
 I had a good 9 shrimp in my pho. 
 bonus. 
. 
. 
 

Shrimp Spring Roll - Very fresh flavors. 
 roll itself had a very generic flavor. 
 The gold is in their peanut sauce. 
 It was a very good sauce. 
 with whole chunks of sauteed peanuts and some carrots and whatnot. 
 YUM. 


The ladies were very hospitable. 
 and the decor of the place was really nice. 
 I plan to come back to dine in. 
 Maybe I'll have a better experience with the noodles. 





not written by me. 
 



very intense pho eating music playing in the background. 
 
Clean bathrooms always deserve  5 stars. 
 then you can shop at 99 cents store. 



Wanted to try something new on a Friday night and headed out with my wife and two kids (5 and 7) in tow. 
  After reading other Yelp reviews. 
 we decided to give it a go. 
  We all had a small bowl of Pho. 
 and shared a rice dish and shrimp rocket appetizer. 
  I had two "33" beers. 
 my wife had a glass of wine and the kids split a soda. 
  Total bill after tip was $72. 
  The price was a little steeper than I thought it would be - about what we pay when we go out to sushi. 


The place was clean and modern - Very unassuming from the outside. 
  Staff was great - made recommendations and were very nice. 
 

Food was good. 
  Not knowing what to expect. 
 we all ordered different proteins. 
  Shrimp. 
 beef. 
 chicken and seafood. 
  All four were good - the chicken being the only one we may not order again. 
  

We will be back. 
 . 
 would have liked a slightly lower bill. 




Several weeks later I decided to go try Pho Olivia out in case the 2nd time I came back was a fluke. 
 All restaurants have a bad day here and there. 
 I won't penalize them forever for one bad day. 
 So my 3rd time I came in and ordered Pho Tai again. 
 Fail. 
. 
. 
. 
 the broth is no longer full of beef bone fresh soup stock. 
 I know the taste when I try it. 
 this was your average Pho seasoning powdered stock they use to maximize the ROI. 
 There are plenty of 50% off Pho places that have the same broth that I can get so NO I'm sorry this was utter fail. 
 

Sadly I don't think Pho Olivia will make their fresh pho anymore. 
 If they do. 
 please update because I will be back . 
 until I get confirmation I'll stick to making it at home or going to a 50% off place if I'm in a pinch. 
 I give it 2 stars because the Pho isn't bad. 
. 
. 
 its just not fresh nor a good deal. 
 Its average which is a 3 . 
 considering prices vs. 
 other Pho restaurants. 
 it now becomes a 2. 
 Sorry. 
 I like you guys . 
 unless I was just in the area and had to have pho. 
 I'd skip for something else. 



I went with the veggie pho. 
 he ordered the chicken. 
 We also got the spring rolls as an appetizer. 
 I have to admit. 
 those were a bit of a disappointment. 
 I was expecting more of a traditional spring roll. 
 crunchy & full of veggies. 
 I then realized that Vietnamese spring rolls are not the same as Chinese. 
 ha. 
 They were definitely better with the peanut sauce & sriracha. 
 . 
 considering I was about to eat pho. 
 I felt like eating a spring roll with rice noodles. 
 bean sprouts & tofu was a tad redundant. 
 and they really didn't have much flavor at all. 
 Oh well. 
 
The pho definitely made up for it. 
 This was my first experience having vegetarian pho from a restaurant (as any vegetarian. 
vegan knows. 
 most places still use beef broth even if you order it "vegetarian"). 
 It was delicious. 
 Lots of tofu & I loved the variety of vegetables. 
 My guy liked his as well. 
 and was excited at the prospect of eating the leftovers later. 
 Overall it was a good experience and I would definitely eat there again. 
 :)


*EDIT* This review is actually from April 2012. 
 I just realized I had all these reviews saved on my profile that needed to be completed. 
 But I just went back a couple weeks ago & ordered the veggie pho again. 
. 
. 
 still fantastic. 
 I love this place & will definitely keep coming back. 



I've been to both the locations. 
 here and the one in Fullerton. 
 Both great. 
 I love the feel of the restaurants because it is definitely a classy Pho house in comparison to all the others. 
 They always play classy music as well. 
 

On to the food. 
 I have a love. 
hate relationship with Pho. 
 There are periods I go through hating pho and periods where I crave it. 
 I can eat Olivia's Pho during either period. 
 The broth tastes very clean and the quality of meat is excellent. 
 Also. 
 their noodles are cooked perfectly al dente. 
 I've also tried their chicken vermecelli and love it. 
 For dessert. 
 I recommend the coconut sorbet. 
 which is delicious and their homemade mungbean and taro tapioca. 
 

Probably one of the best experiences I've had at any vietnamese restaurant. 




When they finally opened it took us a couple of weeks to visit. 
 . 
 when we did it was fabulous. 
 We ordered the shrimp rockets as an appetizer which are medium sized shrimp wrapped and deep fried. 
 . 
 not greasy and very tasty. 


We ordered 2 bowls with rare and cooked beef. 
 They came out quickly and the broth was yum. 
 It's not greasy or salty. 
 The kid felt there could have been a little more meat in her bowl. 
 . 
 I felt the serving was fine. 
 

The staff was very friendly and the decor is elegant. 
 a pleasant change to the other Pho we usually go. 
 

We haven't had time for a second trip. 
 . 
 with the weather as of late and it's winter break I know we'll be back soon. 


Quick note: Parking can be difficult if you try to park in the front lot. 
 . 
 if drive around the back of the bike shop. 
 as if your headed down the alley. 
 you'll find easier parking and a walk through into the center. 
 Olivia's will be immediately on your left. 




I've been here twice now and each time the service has been impeccable. 
 I sure do love a place with good service. 
 doesn't anyone? Both times I've come with friends and our table was always checked on and we were always asked if we needed anything. 
 It was great. 


Let's talk about the food now. 
. 
. 
the broth of this Pho was unlike any other. 
 The first time I ordered the small Pho with brisket and although the soup and noodles were very good. 
 the meat wasn't to my liking. 
 This didn't detract the number of stars I gave because I admit that I am an extremely picky person when it comes to meats. 
 so it isn't quite fair to rate low because of that. 
 However everything else was very good. 
 including the shrimp spring rolls we got as an appetizer. 
 the veggies inside were super fresh and tasty. 
 The second time I was here. 
 I got the small regular Pho with no meat. 
 That was literally the most appetite satisfying bowl of Pho I've ever eaten. 
 I had every last drop. 
 and still craved more. 
 The portion however was perfect. 
 

Overall I say. 
 GO TO PHO OLIVIA. 
 You will most definitely not regret it. 
 not even in the slightest. 
 Perfect ambience. 
 food. 
 service. 
 what more could you ask for?. 
 This is my new Pho place and I will be going frequently. 
. 
. 


P. 
S. 
 The live music on Fridays is an added bonus. 
 It made my second visit (which happened to be on a Friday where I had no idea there would be live music) all the more enjoyable. 
 :)


I expected more from a Pho place. 
 The wait was pretty long. 
. 
. 
 even for our drinks (&& we were the only customers there . 
 -. 
-) The food was ehh also. 
 I order the cube beef ($9. 
75). 
 OMG that is the smallest thing I have ever seen. 
 being a petite lady. 
 that still didn't feel me up. 
 Also OVERPRICED. 
 That's not even the worse part. 
 I'm a soda drinker. 
 . 
 the sprite I order was GROSS. 
 It was either in a dirty cup or they never never ever clean their dispenser. 
 I ask for a new one and they return 15 min later claiming it was new. 
 It tasted the SAME. 
 Plus the lady said she tried it too (wait: out of my straw? & is the same straw in my supposedly new cup? WTH) ? Still EWWWWWW. 
 YET SHE STILL CHARGED ME FOR IT. 
 & I didn't even drink it. 
 all I did was return it. 
 


Long story short. 
 this is the worst Vietnamese place I have ever been. 
 (I am viet and I been to many places ) But this eh. 
. 
. 



The food was excellent. 
 This was only my second Pho experience. 
 . 
 my experienced friends even agree its one of the best Pho places around. 
 Broth was very flavorful. 
 meat well cut and of course the Thai iced tea and the iced coffee were both amazing. 
 I definitely started sweating out all that alcohol lingering from a wild Saturday night out. 
 

You definitely feel like you're at a legitimate restaurant at Pho Olivia - not some janky strip mall joint. 
 Highly recommended. 



As you can see. 
 my last name is "Nguyen" (probably the most common Vietnamese last name. 
. 
  hahaa). 
 so I've definitely had my fair share of homemade pho. 
. 
. 
and this place is REALLY GOOD. 
. 
. 


It's definitely comparable to a lot of pho places out in Westminster. 
FV. 
 although somewhat pricier. 
 . 
 thats expected. 
  I always get the pho tai. 
 and the broth here is what makes it. 
. 
. 


The staff is friendly & the ambiance. 
decor is very inviting. 



As an appetizer. 
 we ordered their egg rolls. 
 which were super tasty. 
  You'll notice that Pho Olivia doesn't skimp on the good stuff. 
 these things were positively crammed FULL of meat. 
 and came with a dipping sauce that was to die for. 
  After we were done shoveling these delectable little rolls into our faces. 
 the pho arrived. 
  *cue harps and angels singing* We were VERY impressed by their pho. 
  Right away. 
 we noticed the broth was very dark. 
  Dark = flavor. 
  Then. 
 as if that weren't awesome enough. 
 we finally laid eyes on the meat. 
  My God. 
 it ACTUALLY LOOKED like MEAT. 
  Most of the pho places I've been to seem to have thin. 
 ghoulishly-gray colored meat that's either way too fatty or way too tough. 
 and questionable at best. 
  Not Pho Olivia. 
  Their meat was tender. 
 juicy. 
 and best of all. 
 there was tons of it. 
  They had the perfect ratio of meat. 
 noodles. 
 green onions. 
 and even a floret or two or fresh broccoli. 


The pho here was about $1 more than many of the places I've been. 
 . 
 the broth and quality of the meat MORE than make up for it. 
  Hell. 
 I'd pay the extra buck just for the sheer ambiance of this place. 
  All new furnishings. 
 dark wood floors. 
 comfortable and stylish booths. 
 gorgeous artwork. 
 and actual porcelain soup spoons instead of those cheapy plastic ones. 
  It's just an overall "pho experience" that can't be missed. 
 Olivia herself even came up to our table to chat. 
 ask our opinion on the food. 
 and find out a little bit about us. 
  Will definitely be back. 



Very good service. 
 too. 
 Probably geared as much for gringos as Asians. 
. 
. 


Food is always tasty and good. 
  Service is always attentive. 
 expedient and friendly. 

Yes it may cost a bit more than other Pho restaurants. 
 . 
 you get what you pay for. 
  Here you get good food and good service with an ambience of RELAX . 
. 
. 
  Music selectionsare "groovy". 



I love Pho it's the best remedy to my sickness or. 
and my hangover. 


Let's be honest. 
 to go orders suck. 
 Then alone to go pho? Is that really possible?

Yes. 
. 
. 
 The first time I had Pho Olivia was to go. 
 

Was I impressed the way they packaged everything to the tee. 
 You're noodles are placed in a bowl. 
 No need to get any dishes dirty when you get home. 
 Everything is seperated and packaged in quality containers. 


The Pho itself is amazing. 
 Noodles are great the broth is to die for. 


This is the spot to go to for TO GO PHO. 
 I ate there the following week. 
 And it's the cutest cleanest pho place i've ever been. 
. 
Don't be fooled by the plaza and the little corner it's in. 




Ambiance was great - modern. 
 welcoming and clean. 
 Another star was for the pho - not the best pho I've ever had . 
 pretty good with plenty of meat. 
 One waiter also had pretty good service and came to refill our drinks without being asked. 
 Another star. 
 :)

Here comes the bad stuff. 
. 
. 
their menu is very limited. 
 Being Vietnamese myself. 
 I looked for drinks such as my usual soda chanh muoi (pickled lemon soda) and soda sua hot ga (egg soda) . 
 had to settle for soymilk instead. 
 They also did not have many appetizers or rice dishes which made me sad =(

Minus another star for their prices. 
 Everything was $1-3 more than pho places in Garden Grove. 
 or even at other pho places that popped up around here recently (Pho Ellie. 
 Pho Yummee. 
 Pho Hoang. 
 etc. 
)

My last issue was the other waiter. 
 He was supposed to wait on our table . 
 he kept talking to the American customers teaching them Vietnamese words and totally ignored us. 
. 
. 
wtf?? Just because I can pronounce pho the correct way does not mean you can ignore me. 
 We had to get the other waiter across the room to help us though. 
 and he was pretty good. 



My table ordered Pho Tai's and spring rolls. 
    

The spring rolls were great as was the peanut sauce. 
  Up to standard. 


The pho was piping hot. 
 rich in flavor with a clean textured broth. 
  Everything tastes very fresh and clean. 
  The serving size is a bit small for the price. 
 hence -1 star. 
. 
. 
 more noodles in my pho please~

Tasty pho. 
 nice atmosphere. 
 and friendly service makes this a pleasant pho cafe to dine at. 



The pho was actually quite delicious. 
 however for $7. 
 the small bowl was really small. 


You could go to Westminster or Garden Grove and get twice as much Pho in a bowl for around $3. 
50 to $5. 
00 tops without looking too hard. 


Great noodles and broth though. 
 :)
