
Had myself a pizza with mozzarella and parmesan cheese. 
 red sauce. 
 pepperoni. 
 bacon. 
 grape tomatoes and green bell peppers along with a cinnamon strips. 

Both were great and promptly made. 


Will be back soon. 



They're out of basil AGAIN. 
 To make the matter worse. 
 they're ALSO OUT OF CHICKEN. 
. 
. 
 Bummer I came here thinking of having their buffalo chicken pizza and my wife wanted a salad. 
 No wonder this place has less and less people every time we come here. 
 We might just stop coming here as well. 
 Very disappointing. 
 

We ordered 3 pizzas all together. 
 one of them came out almost 10 min. 
 later than the other ones. 
 with no bbq sauce on a bbq pizza. 
 And the girl who took it out seemed like she could care less. 
 Our neighboring table received someone else's pizza. 
 Not a single apology. 
 no customer service whatsoever to speak of. 
 What's going on here. 
. 
?? Only reason I rated two stars instead of one was because the lady in charge of the dough. 
cheese. 
sauce was very friendly. 
 My recent dining experiences here has been close to unforgivable repeatedly. 



The location is nice inside pretty big and it had a good amount of seating . 
 The parking lot  is small tho so you might have to park away from the business . 
 I would say it's a little loud . 
 way more quite than blaze pizza . 
 

I like the food here they have really good dough and toppings very fresh and great tasting . 
. 
 I had a pizza with chicken . 
 meatball. 
 ham . 
 sausage  and all the topping tasted really good way better quality than other pizza places . 
 I also noticed there pizza was not greasy at all witch I like . 
 They also have the dole whip  it is a must try its just as good as the one at Disneyland  I suggest you try it . 
  This is a great all around pizza place I will be back to try more . 


I still recommend chicken chili verde . 
 ask them to tone down the sour cream. 
  The pizza is on the wet side because of all the sauce. 
 kinda messy and I had a mountain of napkins on the table afterward. 

Friendly. 
 helpful staff. 
  Pizzas came out fairly quick. 
 around 10 minutes after you paid. 
  Clean. 
 roomy eatery. 
 lots of seating. 


- the Chicken Chile Verde. 
 made of green enchilada sauce. 
 red peppers. 
 green chiles. 
 cilantro onion. 
 chicken. 
 topped with green sour cream and
- the Spicy Southwest. 
 made of red enchilada sauce. 
 mozzerella . 
 cheddar cheese. 
 red peppers. 
 jalapenos. 
 cilantro. 
 chicken. 
 and red sour cream. 


They also introduced a new dessert pizza: the Chocolate Chip Churro. 
 which is a pizza with cinnamon. 
 Ghiradelli's chocolate chips. 
 drizzled with gooey sweet condensed milk. 
  

We decided to try all 3 "as is" with no modification. 
  The pizzas were much better than I thought. 
  The Chile Verde was tangy . 
 had just a slight kick. 
  The sour cream really added that nice tang and the ingredients were not too overwhelming. 
  

The Spicy Southwest had a kick to it. 
 and I think next time I'd skip the jalapenos and substitute it with corn to add a sweetness to it. 
  

The dessert pizza was sweet. 
 as it should be. 
  A little slice went a long way for me. 
 so it you want something to "cleanse" your palate. 
 this dessert pizza can easily accommodate more than 4 people. 
 

Overall 3 good pizzas. 
 If you don't want to "build your own". 
 this is a good alternative to the ordinary pizza. 
 

In addition to the dessert pizza. 
 Fullerton introduced Dole Whip in 2 flavors: Pineapple and Strawberry. 
  The feedback has been positive. 
 and manager Alexandria said their other locations may soon be offering it for the summer. 



The restaurant is structured as a line up. 
 order. 
 pay. 
 then sit down type of place. 
 (think Chipotle). 
 The line goes pretty fast. 
 I decided to get the Meat Lovers Pizza. 
 It has pepperoni. 
 sausage and meatballs with cheese and sauce. 
 I added bacon. 
 extra cheese. 
 spinach. 
 red onions. 
 and yellow peppers (at no extra charge). 
 Again. 
 much like Chipotle. 
 you go down the food line to create your meal. 
  

They brought out the pizza to my table. 
 Very friendly and upbeat service. 
 Everyone was so nice. 
 The pizza tasted as good as it looked. 
 I really enjoyed it and it was fast and easy to make. 
 You can create your own pizza. 
 whether it be light & healthy. 
 scrumptious. 
 or gooey. 
 the ingredients are fresh and quality. 
 What more can you ask for? Definitely will be back again to try more. 
 Oh. 
 and you can request sauces on the side. 
 The BBQ sauce and pesto sauce are great for dipping. 



Came through and its pretty much a simple concept. 
  You pick either from the menu of pizzas they have available or you can be creative and make your own. 
  You can't really go wrong with either in my opinion on the simple fact that pieology has the best ingridients hands down. 
  So we ended up picking up two delicious pies. 
 paid and grabbed a table to devour the delicious pizzas. 
  Pizza here is top notch in my opinion. 
  I love pizza and this is probably my favorite make your own pizza joint. 


Service was friendly. 
 the decor was nice and the place was spacious enough where we could just hang. 
 eat pizza and chit chat. 
  Yes lines can get super long here . 
 they do go by very quickly thanks to the service. 
  It doesn't take that long for them to make your pizza either. 
  Overall. 
 I'd definitely return again. 
  I've been going to Blaze a lot prior to this and the comparison is not even close. 
  Sure blaze is good and all . 
 Pieology easily takes the number 1 spot. 



It was amazing. 
. 
. 
and at the time. 
 I wasn't sure if it was amazing because I had been moving and was starving. 
 or if it genuinely was a great pie. 
 

So the first chance I had to go myself. 
 I did. 
 and it was even more amazing because I was able to see how it all goes down. 


The Pieologists make your pizza for you while you watch: they press the dough. 
 add the sauce of your choice. 
 then assemble the toppings to your liking. 
 Then the pie is put into the oven and you await your creation. 


The result is an amazing pie with a perfect crust. 
 all the right toppings you wished for. 
 and mouthwatering good taste. 
 The ingredients are fresh and the employees are super friendly. 
 Pieology is definitely a favorite place to eat. 





The pizza is thin crust and a pretty good size. 
 you can either share one or if your really hungry you can eat one on your own. 
 I ate one on my own. 
 it was that good :). 
 The pizza is ready in just a few minutes. 
 which is awesome. 
 The place was pretty clean with plenty of seating inside. 
 I would most certainly come back again whenever I'm in the OC. 


My friend and I agreed on a late lunch and arrived at 3 PM. 
 Monday. 
 We were lucky to have chosen that time and it being MLK Day. 
 No line. 
 My friend has gone numerous times and instructed the Pieology virgin I was. 
 on how to order and some specifics. 
 
I didn't think to get the whole wheat crust. 
 . 
 will next time. 
 Instead I had white and then copied his version with Herb Sauce and Mozzarella first. 
 I then chose sun dried tomatoes. 
 chicken. 
 artichokes. 
 pineapple. 
 and basil. 
 
The pizza cooked so fast. 
 It was insanely delicious. 
 Boy toy also ordered the dessert they make. 
 It's cinnamon sugar with icing drizzled on top. 
 I ate my whole pizza and then a slice of that. 
 Heaven. 
 
I'll definitely return soon and am already planning my next order. 




I like this place a loooooooot. 


Although I do wish that they  had sliced tomatoes instead of cherry tomatoes. 
 and fresh garlic instead of the pre minced one. 



There aren't any other pizza places too close by so this is a good location for something that is delicious and inexpensive. 


This location is very similar to other Pieology locations and it's very clean and pretty much similar to chipotle. 
 

The employees here are suuuper nice. 
 Almost all of them asked me how I was doing just in passing. 
 I was standing next to the soda fountain and an employee just walked up and asked me how I was like they genuinely cared and then walked away after I answered. 
 Unfortunately that type of encounter is not common anywhere. 


The manager also came around while my group and I were eating to ask if we needed anything and also told us about their email club. 
 I may not join. 
 . 
 the gesture was still appreciated. 


I would definitely return to this location in the future. 



#63. 
100


I wasn't disappointed. 
 The way it's set up is like Chipotle and there were a lot of choices to choose from (sauces. 
 toppings. 
 proteins. 
 etc). 
 The pizza only took about 5 minutes to cook and it was a good size for unlimited toppings. 


For the price and the amount of food I get on my personal pizza. 
 I love it and would definitely come back again. 



Works very well. 


Also the place has terrible acoustics. 
 sound is bouncing all over this place. 


Very noisy and they just turn up the sound louder and louder till you are just shouting when you talk. 


Why? Everyone in the family gets to make their own pizza with anything they want on it. 

Always a line at night. 

4:44 pm on Saturday NO LINE

Lesson learned. 
 Come early


The only complaint is the place is really loud. 
 Chairs that scrape and squawk on a cement floor coupled with loud music and a interior with no noise reduction features. 
 created a meal where you can't talk during the meal when it is busy. 
 And it was busy. 
 We pretty much hurried up and ate. 
 which might be their goal. 
 Get you in and out fast. 
 

Good food - loud place. 





Great place for a quick custom pizza. 
 Their effort was felt though the satisfaction of my belly. 




Ordered a sausage meatball red pepper onion basil extra cheese on red classic sauce. 
 Not bad. 



For starters. 
 the interior design is really modern. 
 First seeing how cozy and warm it is even though the windows are open and dark. 
 So lots of fresh air. 
 When ordering your own pizza. 
 the service was great and kind. 
 always moving along to the next person and shooting out orders one after another. 


Receiving the pizza was a different story i did not expect. 
 They come out and deliver it to you with smiles. 
 and nice way of telling us to enjoy our great meal. 





The pizza crust itself is a nice and thin crust. 
 You can customize everything about your pizza from the sauce all the way to the toppings. 
 All in all a great place to eat. 
 You can order 1 pizza and share amongst friends. 
 1 pizza can feed 2-3 people. 






Pies are pricey. 
 so heads up on that. 


Workers assisting customers from behind the counter along the assembly line all need to speak up since the acoustics in this restaurant are really really bad as there is nothing made of fabric or otherwise soft in the entire restaurant to absorb sound. 
. 
 

Plus. 
 The floors are cement and the chairs are metal so with all the people pulling in their chairs or pushing them out And this location is always busy to boot. 
 . 
 . 
. 
 . 
 . 
 I literally had to say  "what?" at least two different times to each employee I had contact with along the assembly line. 
 

By the time I got to the cash register I was really frustrated. 




The service was quick and efficient. 
 and for the most part. 
 the staff is polite. 
 Though once a staff member got annoyed when I asked for BBQ sauce. 
 

The downside is that there are never enough tables. 
 During lunch times. 
 you may have no choice . 
 to take your pizza to-go. 



MILESBELLEE. 
COM

My return to Pieology after our 5 months of separation. 
 Wild Thoughts run through my mind as I try to remember what the last slice I ate tasted like. 
 Orders up. 
 food has arrived and i sit stagnant as i stare at what I have wanted for months. 
 and what competing places couldn't replicate. 
 First tear of the first slice proved to be the deciding factor. 
 Unprepared for the alterations they have clearly made to their pizza. 
 I dive into the first bite. 
 Hard crust?. 
?. 
 What the hell is that. 
 It was like eating a cracker. 
 and not crust. 
 Everything about their pizza seemed to have changed. 
 I don't mind change. 
 I just don't like to be around when it happens. 
 I wish I was around when this one happened so I could promptly tell them to not do it. 
 I doubt that i would give this a second chance after this big of a let down. 
 Sad end to my relationship with this location. 
 Blaze Pizza. 
 save me a seat. 



I did come here once and they messed up on my pizza twice. 
 I was lowkey disappointed . 
 they remade my pizza. 
 gave me one of the mess up pizzas. 
 and gave a coupon for another free pizza. 
 I didn't mind the wait since I had no where to go. 
 Great staff and customer service. 
 

The line is always usually long. 
 . 
 it's totally worth it. 
 
Oh. 
 and don't forget to order to cinnamon sticks for dessert. 
 Sooo yummy. 




They have a lots of veggies that you will enjoy. 
 :) 

The crust is super thin and the pizza taste really good. 
. 



It gets really back up when people reach the veggie section. 
 people are like I want this uhmmmm 30 secs later oh and that and it causes a ripple effect. 
 Out of the courtesy of others. 
 write down or type out on your phone what you want. 
 

The price is pretty decent. 
 it's like $8 for the pizza and with a drink it's about $10. 
 They have plenty of sauces and a different variety of options. 
 

The girl dropped my card while she was sliding it. 
 That kinda annoyed me . 
 hahaha mistakes happen. 
 

Parking can suck. 
 so prepare to be driving around during busy hours. 
 Everyone is pretty nice and the place is pretty clean. 
 It's a great place to eat. 
 not the best . 
 it's definitely one of its kind in the area. 




The staff and food here are the best. 
 
Sometimes things happen . 
 luckily Gabe was working and fixed our pizza. 
 I left happy because my wife was happy. 
. 
. 
 If the manager reads this please give Gabe a raise. 
. 
. 
 This gentleman deserves it. 
 He was genuinely concerned that we enjoyed our pizza. 
 That made everything that much better. 
 Thank you. 
 JSSL


On my pizza. 
 I literally put 3 different types of cheeses on it. 
 every meat (pepperoni. 
 sausage. 
 meatball. 
 bacon. 
 ham. 
. 
. 
) and tons of veggies on it. 
 I don't think you can mess up your own custom pizza. 
 The only downfall is (probably because mine was way too overloaded) my crust wasn't as crispy as I would have liked it. 


They also have a dessert cinnamon pizza sticks. 
 This . 
tery cinnamon goodness is actually pretty good. 
 Its like a thinner. 
 less doughy cinnabun. 
 Its worth a try. 
 

Lines are usually pretty short. 
 . 
 if you hit lunch. 
dinner time. 
 the lines get kind of long. 
 The line goes fast though. 






Service is quicker than I expected. 
 I was seated and in couple minutes. 
 they brought my pizza out. 


The pizza lab is great. 
 That's their pre-made options. 
 I love making my own. 
 Pesto is so bomb. 
 You can have that on the bottom or drizzled on the top. 
 You can't get too much pesto. 
 The meats are great. 
 Bacon. 
 Chicken. 
 Pepperoni. 
 Ugh. 
. 
 Amazing. 
. 
. 
 

Great for groups. 
 Definitely come back every week. 




 
For just $7. 
50 (the price may have increased slightly by now). 
 you could create your own pizza. 
 choosing from Pieology's extensive assortment of sauces. 
 toppings and premium toppings. 
 For about the same price (at least. 
 from what I can remember). 
 you could opt for one of the pizza joint's pre-designed pizzas. 
 I have eaten one of these thin-crusted pizzas entirely in one sitting before. 
 . 
 if you don't want to be too full. 
 I would suggest eating half and saving half for later. 
 However. 
 these pizza pies are best straight out of the oven. 

 
Of all the "DIY" pizza places I have been to--including Social Life Pizza. 
 Blaze and The Pizza Studio--I think the pizzas at Pieology have been the crispiest. 
 The boyfriend likes Pieology the best for this reason alone--the ingredients (especially the veggies) don't get too "watered down" on the pizza. 
 making the crust soggy--whereas we've had soggier pizzas at some of the other places. 
 Because I always overload my personal pizzas with cheese. 
 however. 
 I don't really mind if the crust isn't as crunchy. 
 The Pieology pizzas are always crispy. 
 though. 
 no matter how much cheese I have on there. 
 
 
Every time I have gone to Pieology--to this location or to the one in Torrance--I always chose to create my own pizza. 
 Here are some of the toppings I include:
 
Olive Oil. 
Herb Butter Base: Because I'm not a huge fan of tomato. 
 this olive oil base sauce is perfect for me and features a . 
tery consistency. 

 
Artichoke Hearts. 
 Fresh Basil and Spinach: I'm pretty particular about my veggies. 
 . 
 I always throw these on my pizza. 
 because it reminds me of the "White Pizza" that I always order from CPK. 

 
Variety of Cheeses (Mozzarella. 
 Ricotta. 
 Parmesan and Gorgonzala): Since I'm paying a base price that includes all the toppings I want. 
 I tend to go crazy when it comes to cheese . 
. 
. 
 and ask for every single cheese to be on my pizza (minus any premium ones). 

 
Pepperoni. 
 Sausage and Bacon: A good selection of meats are available as pizza toppings. 
 . 
 I don't stray too far from the classics. 
 Sometimes I get one of these three meats. 
 and if I've super hungry. 
 I'll just get all of them. 
 Sometimes. 
 however. 
 I'll just opt for a simple chicken-covered pizza (plus the veggies and cheese) and be done with my topping selection. 
 I have yet to add the spicy chicken onto my pizza. 

 
Pesto: At Pieology. 
 you can choose from a small variety of "after bake" sauces to drizzle on your pizza after it comes out of the oven. 
 So far. 
 I've only tried the pesto. 
 . 
 the employee generously covered my pizza with it and it was really good. 
 One of my friends always gets the BBQ sauce drizzled over his pizza. 
 and his last pizza creation looked so good that I might add this sauce to my pizza next time. 
 I also want to add black pepper and extra virgin olive oil onto my pizza during another visit. 
 
 
If I had to go with any of the signature pizza options. 
 I would probably choose the #4. 
 featuring mostly cheeses (Mozzarella. 
 Parmesan. 
 Ricotta. 
 Fresh Basil. 
 black pepper and olive oil). 
 But since I get most of these toppings on my "create your own" pizza anyway. 
 it just makes sense to create my own (and add other toppings that I want on there). 
 
 
This Fullerton Pieology has always been consistent in its performance (pizza quality has been the same) and its service (the pizzas come out pretty quickly). 
 I've also noticed that this location is always the most crowded Pieology (compared to the Torrance and San Diego locations) I've always been to. 
 Perhaps it's because this Pieology is the original location. 
 or maybe Anaheim is just a great spot for this pizza joint. 
 Whatever the case. 
 I can always depend on the Fullerton Pieology for a great pizza meal at an unbeatable price. 





I have been coming to this Pieology for about 4 years now (thank you college) and I have never been disappointed. 
 
Like many other reviews have pointed out. 
 the setup is very similar to Chipotle. 
 There is a large variety of toppings to choose from and they are not stingy about it. 
 (I think the only downside to all the toppings they offer is that I always want to pick them all . 
 it makes it difficult to eat the pizza since the crust it is so weighed down. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
my solution to this. 
 eat the pizza like a taco and grab a fork for anything that falls out). 
 

I love that they are always adding new things (when I first started coming here I do not think salads were an option) in order to accommodate as many customers as possible. 
 Way to have an option for everyone. 
 

I absolutely love this place. 
 Great service. 
 great food. 
 great vibes. 






Also their pizza is good. 



It's basically Subway for PIzza. 
 and it works. 
  I saw a couple desert pizza's being made I want to try next time. 
  

They moved pretty fast for a place where every pizza is made exactly to order. 
  They bring the pizza to your table so you don't have to wait. 
  

Here's my only minor (as in minuscule) issue. 
  It's LOUD. 
  All concrete floors and lots of college kids (it's near Cal State Fullerton) don't make for easy conversation. 
  Still won't keep me from returning in the future. 


So the concept of this place is just like Chipotle or Subway. 
 You can choose whatever you want from their selection by going down a line. 


I chose their pizza of course. 
 . 
 they also have a great salad selection. 
 They serve all their pizzas as a thin crust so its not as heavy as your average pizza. 
 You may think you can't finish one alone. 
 . 
 trust me. 
 you'll want more. 
 I've been here only once before and I forgot how I got it last time. 
 so I think I might have gotten something completely different this time. 
 Doesn't matter. 
 It was delicious both times. 
 

So here is what I got:

- Sauce: Herb . 
ter and Red Sauce (Tastes GREAT together) 
-Cheese: Mozzarella 
-Toppings (REMEMBER. 
 its UNLIMITED): Red Onions. 
 Cilantro. 
 Roasted Red Peppers. 
 Jalapeños. 
 Spinach. 
 Garlic 
-Meat: Sausage. 
 Pepperoni 

Came out really quickly. 
 . 
 I went on a Sunday and had a early dinner so there wasn't much of a line. 
 You'll definitely leave satisfied. 




It was a bit confusing. 
. 
. 
 and I think it was clear we were confused. 
 because someone came out from behind the counter with a menu. 
 and asked us if it was our first time there. 
  Clearly newbies. 


So. 
 its kind of like the Chipotle style Pizza place. 
  You get in line. 
 and you go through and tell them what you want on your pizza. 


We did half and half. 
. 
. 
. 
 One half with sauce. 
 mozzarella. 
 jalapenos. 
 pepperoni and bacon. 
  The other half with sauce. 
 mozzarella. 
 cilantro. 
 garlic. 
 pepperoni and meatballs. 
. 
. 
. 
 That was my half. 
  How can anyone eat pizza without garlic?

Everyone was very friendly. 
 and the service was really fast. 


The only things that I didnt really care for. 
. 
. 
. 
 The sauce seemed sweet which I dont like. 
. 
. 
 and the noise level. 
  Woah. 
  The chairs make SO much noise when anyone moves them. 
. 
. 
 it was definitely deafening. 


I do like that you can basically customize your pizza. 
 and they have a lot of options. 



I got the . 
ter herb with red sauce. 
 mozzarella. 
 tomato. 
 basil. 
 garlic. 
 mushrooms. 
 sausage and basil. 
  It was deeelicious. 
  I liked the crust. 
 too (and not all types of pizza have good crusts. 
). 


I also liked the quotes on the wall. 




I love the concept of building your own pie for a set price. 
 with no additional or hidden charges on the menu. 
 You start with several options for crust. 
 numerous cheeses and sauces. 
 followed by more toppings than you can imagine - have as many or few as you want. 
 From beginning to end it's fun and very easy. 
 After you build your pie. 
 simply pay and grab a table. 
 You then wait about 3-4 minutes and they deliver the pies to your table. 


My son and I both loved our pies and look forward to our next visit. 





A better place to go is The Pizza Press just a few blocks away

PLEASE BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL PEPPERONI. 
. 



I went here with my mother after she got back from Korea. 
 so I thought I'd come see what the rave was all about. 
 It's just a Chipotle. 
 you get a piece of dough. 
 some sauce. 
 some cheese. 
 choose your toppings. 
 and they cook it for you on the spot. 
 It's pretty cool I'd say. 
 It's like $8 per pizza. 
 and the things are pretty filling. 
 Thin crust pizza with a very nicely cooked crust and whatever toppings you want on it. 
 They have little instructions posted everywhere. 
 so if you're nervous as to how you should be ordering your pizza. 
 just follow those steps. 
 If you still don't know how to order after all the instructions are plastered everywhere. 
 then you probably need help. 


Lots of seating everywhere. 
 although there were a metric ass ton of people there when we ate. 
 Huge dinner rushes probably come and go. 
 . 
 just like Chipotle. 
 there's always a long line of people and a fair number of people who just take it to-go. 
 Definitely a good deal. 
 and a tasty meal for under $10. 
 I'd consider it fast food. 
 . 
 it tastes a lot better than you 'd expect and definitely a go-to. 



Service is fast. 
 Will definitely come here again. 



Always delicious. 
 always fast. 
 always hot. 



They have a good variety of toppings to choose from. 
 and you can add as many as you like. 
 so the thin crust isn't even a problem because you can add so many toppings to make it a substantial pizza. 
 

I'm usually still hungry after "halving" a pizza here so I would get the cinnamon sugar pizza afterwards which is sooooo delicious :)


Thin crust. 
 I asked for extra red sauce for the base of the pizza. 
 lots of cheese. 
 bring on the bacon please. 
 the toppings go on and on. 
. 


Just go. 
 You'll leave happy. 


I came here a little bit earlier than when it opened which is 11am  and when the manager (assuming) opened the doors. 
 she was really inviting and had a huge smile on her face. 
 Service is really fast even on a crowded day (been here a few times beforehand already. 
 just never checked in or anything). 
 . 
 it can be difficult to find seats since it does get crowded. 
 Overall. 
 quality of the food is pretty good for a medium sized pizza with unlimited toppings. 
 Have been coming back to this place and will continue to in the future. 
 :)


Here are the ingredients that you can mix and match and put on your pizza. 


Sauce: 
red sauce. 
 herb . 
ter. 
 olive oil - I recommend herb . 
ter. 


Cheeses:
mozzarella. 
 ricotta. 
 parmesan. 
 gorgonzola (kind of like bleu-cheese)

Toppings:
pepperoni. 
 sausage. 
 meatball. 
 chicken. 
 ham. 
 bacon. 
 black olives. 
 mushrooms. 
 red onions. 
 green peppers. 
 artichokes. 
 tomato. 
 pineapple. 
 jalapenos. 
 fresh basil. 
 cilantro. 
 garlic

After-bake options:
pesto sauce. 
 BBQ sauce. 
 extra virgin olive oil. 
 fiery buffalo sauce. 
 roasted red peppers. 
 black pepper. 
 and dollops of red sauce - I recommend pesto. 
. 


The idea of creating your own pizza is great. 
 especially for those who enjoy controlling what type and the portions of toppings they want. 
 The workers are nice enough to give you "extra" helpings of a certain ingredient if you ask. 
 Expect long lines. 
 . 
 it is totally worth it. 
 A pizza dinner that you can customize with your own toppings that costs around $10 is not only delicious. 
 . 
 your wallet will thank you for it. 


Will come again. 
 =)



Pros:
- ample seating space
- parking is private and available
- manager walks the area to ask how everyone is doing
- the taste of the food is better than other places I've been
- friendly staff

Cons:
- the cinnabread-type dessert was not as good as thought. 
 Unfortunately would even get the Pizza Hut. 
dominos version over this one
- no menu board at front of line. 
 only when you come in or on side wall so you better know what to order by the time you reach the front of the line counter
-


I got the bbq chicken pizza and it was fantastic. 
 Sweet and savory. 
 great portion and cooked perfectly. 
 Staff was nice and very helpful. 
 Would recommend coming here. 


I've had Blaze Pizza in Orange. 
 and while it is priced the same and the same concept. 
 I prefer this place a little more. 



"Don't know much about history
 Don't know much 'Pieology'
 Don't know much about a science book
 Don't know much about the 'Italian' I took"

A year later (December 14th. 
 2013. 
 to be exact) I also sidled-up to Pieology's 30-person-deep. 
 line-out-the-door queue--singing along. 
 still. 
 to Joe's and Sam Cooke's catchy duet. 
  Its fingers snapping rythmically. 
 the line sauntered forward. 
 smiling. 
  It was a "wonderful" Saturday. 
. 
. 


Even now. 
 a month or so after having first visited Pieology. 
 I've been literally stumped as to writing a thought-provoking and entertaining review. 
  I mean. 
 I'm always looking for a creative angle. 
 a clever and artistic avenue. 
 . 
 (in this case) even trying to contri. 
e anything novel or to (rudely) attempt a trump is futile. 
  On this. 
 Joe's cornered the market. 
  The rest of us. 
 as a result. 
 must yield. 


I. 
 instead. 
 respectfully submit (for Joe's and your approval) a verse:

"Don't know much about cheese-ography
 Don't know much pie symmetry
 Don't know much about ricotta
 Don't know what a 'pizza peel' is for"


. 
)



I am a person that LOVES variety when it comes to eating. 
 So when I am here. 
 I literally stack  my pizza with soo much stuff :P

I use the garlic sauce sauce to spread my pizza first and then half marinara and half pesto. 
 After it comes to the cheese which I'm not a huge fan of so I ask for minimal cheese and then i top my pizza with almost all of the vegetable options and almost all of the meat options. 
. 
 yeah. 
. 
. 
 Talk about over kill. 
 I mean do whatever you want with your own pizza :) . 
 the ending result is just so good cus it has all the flavors and ingredients I want. 
 :D IT'S SO CHEAP AS WELL. 
 only like $7-$8 for this personal pizza. 
 Pretty filling when you finish it all. 


I've tried similar places to pieology and I still believe that this place wins. 


MUST TRY. 




So I go to CSUF and I love Panera. 
 so of course I go to Panera next door to here and always wondered about Pieology. 
 I thought it was just another pizza place. 
 Like what is so special about this place? Why the long line all the time? What in the heck are they putting in that dough. 
? I need to know already. 
 The suspense is killing me. 


Okay so I guess it's sort of like a Subway's sandwich where you pick your bread and what goes in it. 
 Here. 
 you pick your sauce. 
 than your cheeses. 
 than your toppings. 
 OR. 
 you can pick one of their specialty pizzas if you can't make a choice. 
 No matter which you pick. 
 it will be GOOD. 
 It's all fresh ingredients. 
 And don't let the line fool you. 
 They can literally make your pizza in 5 minutes. 
 Just order your pizza and drink and have a sat. 
 They will come to your seat and deliver it to you. 
 They also have already made salads (Classic or Caesar)  if you want to grab one of those as well with your meal. 
 By the way. 
 you serve yourself drinks so it's all you can drink. 
 

Now I would rate this place more like 4. 
5 stars instead of 5 because they don't have a perfect system yet set up like Panera does. 
 Why not hand out numbers to put at your table like many other restaurants. 
 like Carl's Jr. 
 so that way you know where to deliver the food instead of walking around looking all lost calling out David. 
 or John. 
 what if there's more than one? Or have number on the receipts would be another option. 
 And than we have to go and inspect the pizza if that's the right toppings. 
 By that time. 
 I forgotten what I ordered. 
 Other than that. 
 this place is great. 


1. 
 Pick your sauce - Red Sauce. 
 Herb Butter. 
 or Olive Oil. 

2. 
 Cheeses - Mozzarella. 
 Ricotta. 
 Parmesan. 
 and Gorgonzola. 
 
3. 
 Toppings - I won't list them because there's too many. 


If you want all four cheeses. 
 go right ahead. 
 
If you want all the toppings. 
 go right ahead. 
 

Same price. 
 I believe it's $7. 
50. 
 

They do offer gluten-free crust . 
 in their disclaimer they will tell that it may not be 100% free of gluten as there is always a possibility of trace amounts of gluten going in the pizza. 
 Same as bakeries would say about peanuts for those with the allergies. 
 

I like this location (haven't been to the others) because many times I'm by myself and they have a line of bar stools against the window that you can sit at and people watch. 
 Not that you have a great view or anything . 
 it's better than staring at other strangers eating. 
 

Tip: If it's the two of you and you're thinking. 
 hmmmm. 
 can we share a pizza? I say it's possible. 
 especially if you want to grab a salad and share that too. 
 They offer half and full sizes . 
 no chicken. 
 

If it's your first time. 
 I'd share a pizza with someone. 
 You could always get another one if you're still hungry . 
 I doubt it. 
 unless you're a big dude who just got finish working out at the gym. 
 than forget sharing lol. 
 One time I seen three girls sharing one pizza which is doable because they slice it in six little pieces. 
 

FYI: They are franchising and popping up everywhere. 
 They currently have thirteen locations in California and more will be popping up very soon as we speak. 
 Or type? Or Yelp? Or whatever lol. 
 Just expect this pizza place to be booming everywhere and if I had the money. 
 I'd buy a franchise myself. 
 It's a brilliant idea the way they set it up similar to a Subway. 


Happy Eating. 
. 
. 
  :)


Don't be discouraged by the long lines at this location. 
 The line was pretty long when we got there . 
 it moves fairly quickly. 
. 
 and we didn't have trouble finding a place to seat either. 
 We ended up getting two build your own pizzas and the appetizer herb . 
ter. 
 Its like a crazy bread. 
garlic bread. 
. 
 kept very thin. 
 It was YUMMY. 


We ordered with our eyes again though. 
. 
I was so anxious to try the place out. 
. 
 when we finally got to ordering I wanted to get everything and just throw everything on my pizza. 
. 
. 
  we ended up having way too much food left over. 
 & ended up taking a whole pizza and half of our appetizer home. 
 I think one pizza is big enough for two people. 
. 
 . 
 that could just me us. 
 But yes. 
 We will definitely be back for more. 
 They had alot of good specialties that I want to try. 
. 
 Probable won't build me own next time and just stick to what they have already made. 
 

** If you are going to build your own though. 
. 
 I recommend limiting yourself on toppings. 
sauces. 
. 
 too much will make you pizza very soggy and flimsy. 
. 
 **

- it's a thin crust type of pizza so just keep that in mind. 



 Let me start by saying this location is by far the most well known and is typically always busy if not jam-packed full of customers. 
  When we arrived the other day the line was all the way back to the back door and blocked much of the seating inside the restaurant (one more person. 
 it would have been out the door). 
  The line moves relatively fast as the pizzas cook in just a couple of minutes thanks to the use of the extremely hot oven. 
  Pieology is best described as the Chipotle of pizza joints. 
  They have numerous pre-designed pizza options from which you can choose as well as a custom option allowing you to select your sauce. 
 cheese. 
 meats and veggie options. 
  All options are free and included in the $7. 
50 price so add away (be forewarned however though that the crust is extremely thin so adding more than 7 toppings or so will result in a very flimsy pizza). 


For my selection I chose red sauce. 
 mozzarella cheese. 
 pepperoni. 
 bacon. 
 red onion and green peppers. 
  The pizza was cooked and ready in minutes for my enjoyment. 
  I absolutely love the pizza here and this day was no exception as I devoured the entire thing in less than 5 minutes. 
  Pieology also offers a couple of different salad options as well as an oil and cinnamon bread option. 
  Thanks to the big Hostess fallout earlier this year Ding Dongs are no longer on the menu which is disappointing especially as they are still prominently displayed on the pictures throughout. 
  

The service here is always friendly and are very generous on the topping in my opinion. 
  Even on the pre-designed pizza options they always ask if there are other ingredients you may want added and are happy to oblige. 
  At $7. 
50 for a personal pizza (about 6 slices) it is a great bargain and quite filling. 
  Anyone who loves having the ability to customize their food will fall in love with this place. 
  If you are a fan of thick crust pizza then this may not be the place for you . 
 I personally love the thin crust they provide. 
  The options here are truly endless and despite heavy competition as of late (Blaze's Fast Fired Pizza. 
 Pizza Studio. 
 Pizza Press etc. 
. 
. 
) the place continues to grow in popularity which is nice to see as they are still my favorite of the bunch. 
  A definite 5 star place in my opinion if there ever were one. 
 give them a try. 


That's right. 
 if you want all the meats they offer (chicken. 
 bacon. 
 sausage. 
 ham. 
 BBQ chicken. 
 pepperoni) then DAMN RIGHT. 
. 
 you can get them all. 

It's set up like Chipotle. 
 point to anything you want and they'll add it to your pie. 

They also nicely label everything if you're not quite sure what ingredients are what. 

They have all kinds of cheeses and everything topping you can dream of. 

Once all toppings are added and you've paid at the cashier. 
 it takes less than 5 minutes for your pizza to bake. 

There's also famous quotes painted on the wall that make for an interesting read while eating. 



The service is awesome as well. 
 The GM came by our table a couple times and she was so happy and enthusiastic. 
 
Eat here you won't regret it. 
. 







Be wary though. 
 my pizza was rather soggy when I tried to put everything . 
 the kitchen sink on my pizza. 
 So be forewarned. 
 if you stuff your crust like crazy. 
 it may be difficult to crisp up your pizza. 
 or keep it that way if it does get that crunchy. 



When you see the high number of positive reviews. 
 first think about the 3 most important things. 
 location location location. 
 Thousands of starving college students all within walking distance of this establishment . 

Ok. 
 so I'm a pizza snob. 
 . 
 after eating NY pizza for 30+years. 
 i have some strong opinions about pizza. 
 bagels and mass transit :)



If you want to replicate what I ordered. 
 here it is:
#2 - (Pepperoni-Sausage pizza) add parmesan. 
 extra red sauce. 
 garlic. 
 and basil. 


Final Verdict - The pizza was cheap ($7. 
50). 
 flavorful. 
 and had good amounts of ingredients. 
  Crust was thin crust. 
 crispy. 
 and didn't go soggy. 
  5 stars. 


=============================================

If you're looking for a comparison. 
 a nearby competitor is The Pizza Press. 
  Pieology wins hands down in terms of flavor. 
price. 
  The only good part of The Pizza Press is that it serves local draft beers. 




There was nothing memorable about my meal and the plaza here is packed. 
 The line is ridiculously long (20 people ahead of us during my last visit). 
 and I dont' like how they didn't ask us what we would like on our pizza '' afterbake'' since you pay right after you choose your last ''underbake'' (whatever you call it). 
. 
 we ended up having to get our sauces on the side. 
 

Not bad. 
 assembly line strategy and flavors both remind me of chipotle. 
 . 
 nothin to rave about either. 






Thanks to all the fabulous reviews on Yelp for this place. 
 I actually PLANNED coming here. 
 Geek-Yelper Alert. 
 I know. 
. 
. 
 . 
 I was not let down at all. 


$8. 
00 for your own personal pizza pie was a win already - and they had some very cool toppings. 
 not just your typical Ninja Turtle style Pepperoni. 
 We're talking gourmet sawce. 
 fresh basil. 
 feta. 
 top of the line veggies and BACON. 
 BACON BACON. 
. 
. 
. 
 Your pizza is done in about 5 minutes. 


Heads Up. 
 Vegetarians. 
 this could be your holy grail - they had Salads in different sizes that you could choose from as well - AND - ya get to add additional toppings if you want. 
 

For those looking for a quiet restaurant to eat out. 
 do NOT put this place on top of your list. 
 Maybe it was the cathedral ceilings. 
 . 
 the noise was bouncing off the walls here. 
 I came on a Sunday afternoon around 2:00pm and there were a ton of families with kids. 
 not to mention. 
 you have Fullerton College literally down the street so I'll let your imagination kinda put together the noise level of the 2 groups combined. 


Another thing would be expect to park a ways away. 
 The parking lot can be tricky and full. 
 so might as well suck it up and park farther than conveniently right next to the restaurant. 
 Not a big deal. 
 besides - you'll have to walk off all that pizza if you finish it all. 
 right?

I'f youre a dainty eater like myself. 
 go ahead and tell the waiter that you want the pizza to-go. 
 so you can control how much you eat and just take the rest home in your awesome personal pizza box. 





They have gluten free or wheat crusts. 
  They are pretty thin . 
 I like that. 
 

What I got:
Gluten- free crust (+2. 
00)
White sauce. 

Feta 
Mozz
Sun dried tomatoes
Jalapeños 
Artichoke hearts 
Black Olives
Kalmata olives 
Spinach 
Spicy chicken 

All for 10. 
00. 
 What a deal. 
. 
  

They have many different topping options. 
 My pizza was fantastic and didn't make me feel too guilty for eating it. 


Such a great cheat meal. 
. 


Staff is very friendly. 



Then Pieology came along and made thin-crust. 
 personal pizzas available to everyone. 
  You didn't have to travel to Italy or shell out more money than usual a la Pizzeria Mozza. 
  Thin crust. 
  Thinner than those slices of NY style pizza everyone folds in half. 
  This was different. 
. 
. 
this was excitingly edible. 


When we arrived. 
 the line was pretty long . 
 thanks to the fast workers. 
 we were moved right along (attitudes were kind of brusque when they rushed us through our choices). 
  One guy who was on clean-up duty was super nice and friendly. 


Pizzas came out pretty fast (presumably due to the thin crusts) and were  yummy. 
  The crusts were a little too greasy (from olive oil) so sister-in-law did spend some time mopping up excess oil. 
 For whatever reason. 
 the guy who prepped the crusts at the beginning of the assembly automatically brushed a bunch of oil on and wouldn't give her a new oiless one. 
  How odd. 


There is much more seating here than the one at Irvine Spectrum though if you have a big group. 
 you may have to scramble or split up. 



Getting to make your own pizza and add as many toppings as you'd like for $7. 
95? ARE YOU KIDDING?

What I order:
Garlic . 
ter and half red sauce on the dough. 


Cheese:
Mozzarella
Gorgonzola
Blue Cheese
Ricotta

Veggies:
Cilantro
Jalapeños
Tomatoes
Garlic
Corn

Meats:
Ham
Bacon
Spicy chicken

All over the top I add pesto sauce after they make it. 
 So freakin' delicious and the service is superb. 
 Always checking up on tables and making sure all their customers are satisfied. 
 I come out happy and full every time I eat here. 





We got there 10 minutes before they opened and there was already people waiting to get in. 
 The wait was not too bad though. 
 

We ordered the #2 and added bacon and ham. 
 #7 and added mushrooms. 
 herb . 
ter strips. 
 and cinnamon sugar strips. 
 Everything was delicious. 
 The herb . 
ter strips and cinnamon sugar strips were a hit for my girls. 
 

I would recommend this place and I'll definitely come back. 


You can customize your own food. 
 Yay~. 

Great place. 
 It's located inside the small plaza next to Japanese restaurant. 

Plenty parking space behind the building. 


Very friendly staff. 


Highly recommended and definitely will be back soon. 




I just Yelped another location closer to me and hope to get the same experience here. 



They've raised their prices and have franchises in other states?. 
 I remember the last time I patronized this establishment it was just $7. 
50+7. 
75%=$8. 
07 and they were still only in Fullerton. 
 Then this most recent time I was here. 
 the prices have gone up to $8+8%=$8. 
64 for a tiny and thin "pizza" and certain ingredients are different as well. 


Them fucking rich white folks always gotta have mo' money so they sell franchises and raises their prices instead of keeping it local. 
 It's now the McDonald's of pizza. 


After having to wait at the counter for over 5 mins to be acknowledged. 
 my daughter and I soon discovered for the first time that their regular crust is not suitable for vegans. 
 thus upsetting my daughter. 
 Further adding to their incompetence. 
  we also discovered at the register that I was having to pay an additional $4. 
 for the vegan crust and vegan cheese. 

And as soon as I asked if they'd honor the military discount. 
 they only deducted 5% as opposed to the 50% discount offered a week prior without making the announcement before paying for the meal. 

On top of all that trouble that took nearly 20 mins to accomplish at the counter. 
 our pizzas were burned on the bottom (crusts). 
 which almost caused me to break a tooth. 
 not expecting it to be so hard on my first bite. 
 
I was upset enough to complain to a manager. 
 yet did not want my daughter to deal with more heartache. 
 And noticed all . 
 one of the managers were sitting at a table having a pow-wow. 

Oh. 
 the fountain drink tasted like wax. 
 
Just the fact the employees. 
staff would not acknowledge their negligence and lack of concern. 
 was enough for me to believe the company's standards have severely dropped to an all-time low rather quickly. 

[Keep in mind. 
 the store only had a few customers in the house at the time. 
]
Because of their decline to level of 'fast food' mentality. 
 and LACK of priority #1-customer service. 
 I won't be paying their stores a visit anytime soon. 
 In fact. 
 I'll be sure to tell all my friends and family to steer clear until they've raised the standards. 

Buyer Beware


The only minor complaint I have is that the chairs are not balanced & noisy when you pull them. 
 But if you can tolerate the noise of friends & families having good pizza. 
 this shouldn't bother you that much


. 
review

Well I don't know what else needs to be said about this place other than it is awesome. 
 I love when I go here. 
 I keep coming back and telling others about it too. 
. 
. 
 This is the second location that I have been to and I like it as much if not better than the Irvine Spectrum location. 


Basics. 
. 
. 
 walk up to the counter and make the following decisions:

Crust - regular or gluten free

Sauce - oil. 
 herb . 
ter. 
 marinara

Cheese - mozzarella . 
 parmesian. 
 blue. 
 goat. 
 and something else I cant recall off hand

Meat - BACON. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 sausage. 
 beef. 
 pepperoni. 
 ham. 
 chicken

Veggies - garlic. 
 pineapple. 
 peppers. 
 olives. 
 mushrooms. 
 tomatoes. 
 and I have no idea what else. 
. 
. 
 I don't put veggies on pizza anyways so ummm yeah *shrugs*

Then they bake it and bring it to you by shouting out your name as they wander around the room =D

Pro Tip: 10+ inch personal pizza with any combo of toppings you want on a thin crust pie for $7. 
50 +tax ($8. 
10 with tax for this location. 
 I posted a pic of the receipt) 

Awesome taste. 
 Quick table busing. 
 Awesome deal. 
 I cant wait for lunch so I can eat the other half of the pie I ordered and ate half of yesterday. 


OMNOMNOMNOMNOM - yeah I just went there hahaha

None the less the grub here for the price is spectacular. 



I still trip out how this place lets me pile on the ingredients. 
  For the price this is good. 
  Dare I say healthy considering the super thin crust. 


This is definitely going to be one of my go to lunch places in the area. 



Pizza is great . 
 clean up the damn place. 
 Also the condiments were empty and had to ask from the manager. 


Imitation is the greatest form of flattery. 
 and you can't deny the success of pieology when other pizza places copy it's formula. 

Pieology tastes better then the competition. 
 and has a better variety of toppings to choose from. 

The pizza makers also take additional requests such as adding more sauce. 
 toppings. 
 and even splitting pizza in half so that you can have two types of pizza for the price of one. 
  The cinnamon strips at $2. 
95 are like sugary crack sprinkled on dough. 
  You just can't get enough of them. 



The pizza is. 
. 
. 
good. 
 I would be willing to try for again. 
 You can make your own pizza and choose from a variety of cheeses and meats. 
 or choose a pre built one. 
 

The crust is good. 
 and one thing I really like is how the pizza doesn't fill you up. 
 If you're in Fullerton. 
 be sure you stop by. 



The customer service STILL sucks. 
 so at least they can keep something consistent around here. 
 Like I said in my review before. 
 I'm not asking everyone to be cheerful because I could honestly care less. 
 The only thing that irks me is when people dread the fact that they're at work and hate their job and take it out on you. 


Anyway. 
 the pizza was runny and very bland compared to how it tasted when they first opened. 
 I hate eating a boring and unsatisfying meal and Pieology was just that that day. 


It's still cheap. 
 so if you're on a budget then I guess you could come here. 
 I'd just spend my money elsewhere IMO. 




You tell them what you want. 
 they top it. 
 and cook it. 
  It's the same $7. 
50 regardless of what you put on it. 


The sauces are yummy and the pizzas are yummy. 
  I got the pesto. 
  

I wish the customer service was better. 
 though. 
  It was my first time. 
 and they did not explain anything to me. 
  I ordered one of their menu items. 
 and then got confused when they were asking if I wanted just about every item on my pizza. 
  

Also. 
 the line was pretty long because I went during lunch time. 




All the toppings I wanted on my pizza were literally thrown on there. 
 Not spread apart evenly and definitely not enough. 
 Just because there will be several toppings on the pizza doesn't mean you should put half a handful of each and throw it in one area. 
 I was really disappointed. 
 I asked for a lot of mushrooms and had to ask again to put more because the guy barely put any the first time. 
 I got it to-go and once I got home. 
 the chicken was barely cooked. 
 It was squishy and looked RAW. 
 I had to take each one out because almost 90% of the chicken was like that. 
 I was disgusted. 
 sadly. 
 and barely wanted to keep eating it. 
 Definitely a waste of $8. 
 I actually enjoyed this place before. 
 . 
 I don't think I will come back. 


I definitely do not recommend getting the chicken and coming at a busy time. 




If you don't like the way your pizza comes out. 
 that's on you. 
. 
. 
 Because you basically make it yourself. 
 No one else to blame and if the pizza comes out fantastic. 
 then good for you for picking a winning combination. 
 

The best way to describe Pieology is "make your own pizza" kinda like subway or chipotle. 
 All the toppings to pick from. 
 all kinds of meats. 
 sauce. 
 veggies it's very impressive. 
 You pick it. 
 they put it on your pizza and it goes into the oven. 
 

Little reminders: 
* Less is more. 
 Sometimes piling up the pizza with tons of toppings makes it soggy and not so great. 
 
* Get the dessert pizza to split with friends. 
. 
 It's yummy. 
 

This place was absolutely perfect for me and my man. 
 because I like mushrooms. 
 he's allergic. 
 I like onions and bell peppers. 
 he doesn't. 
 So he gets his own pizza and I get mine and everyone is happy. 
 A pizza for $7 and your stuffed. 
 It's a good deal. 





I also ordered a salad side which was fine. 
 . 
 it strikes me as odd that a place that makes pizzas to order would serve prepackaged side salads. 




It was my first time at Pieology and it did not disappoint. 
 It was truly an experience. 
 The pizza is very flavorful. 
 I recommend chicken bbq or chicken alfredo or both. 
 The employee who made my pizza was very genuine and sincere in their suggestions for my half and half pizza. 
 Also I signed up for their emails where they will send coupons or heads up on promos. 
 And tbh Pieology is quite a drive from where i live . 
 it is so good that i would not mind driving there when i get a craving for pizza which is quite often lol also it was 9. 
13$ total for one create your own (half and half). 
 Can't wait to go back. 
. 
. 
 

PS I would love it even more if they added options to create a mac n cheese pizza. 
. 
. 
*hint hint*




The pizza is thin and thus. 
 low carb. 
 so that's great. 
 For the price you pay. 
 and the amount of topping you can add. 
 its a great deal here for lunch and dinner. 


I would like to come here again. 
 and I am hoping they'll open up more locations through out the OC. 




I ordered half red sauce. 
half herb . 
ter and pesto with mozzarella. 
 ricotta. 
 and parmesan cheese with chicken. 
 mushrooms. 
 tomatoes. 
 garlic. 
 olives. 
 and artichokes. 
  

It was beautiful. 
 (I will say the herb-. 
ter. 
pesto mix was better than the red sauce though. 
 . 
 that's more personal preference than anything. 
)

The line moves unreal fast and the employees are really friendly and didn't mind as I spent a disgusting amount of time deciding what sauces I wanted. 
 For $7. 
50 I dare you to find a better deal for a pizza this size. 
 with this many fresh toppings-----impossible. 



Food:  SO GOOD. 
. 
  Excellent crust. 
 amazing variety of cheeses (mozzarella. 
 Gorgonzola. 
 Parmesan. 
 ricata. 
 vegan. 
 and others). 
  They also have a huge variety of veggies and fruits (artichoke hearts. 
 olives. 
 kalamata olives. 
 broccoli. 
 spinage. 
 tomatoes. 
 onion. 
 pineapple. 
 roasted bell pepper. 
 bell pepper. 
 corn. 
 cilantro. 
 oregano. 
 carrots. 
 and more. 
). 
  They also have all the meats . 
 I wouldn't know too much about that one because I'm not into meat. 
  This beautiful masterpiece of a pizza is then cooked to perfection in enough time to get back to work before my break ends. 


Cost:  Less than $9 for unlimited toppings. 
. 


Customer service:  Awesome they are always so sweet and accommodating even when they stare at me like "you really want more toppings?"  YES UNLIMITED IS FREE. 


Building:  nice I love the quotes on the walls and the decor is very modern. 
  The kitchen can look quite a mess sometimes (took off a star for grimy floors in the kitchen not in the dinning room). 


Overall I will be returning to Pieology for more pizza. 




And I was very underwhelmed =(    I thought the setup is cool--you can pick out every single item for your pizza and they will make it for you. 
 similar to a chipotle setup. 
 If you have special diet needs then this is the place for you. 
  

Here is the problem. 
 to me the pizza wasn't very good. 
 The sauce was tasted very watery. 
 cheese was just ok. 
 They were stingy with the toppings and with the pizza being so thin I was still hungry after eating a pizza. 
 The pizza I requested didn't even look good. 
 maybe it was just a bad day. 
  If you are looking for a health conscious pizza then I guess this is your place. 
 you can get it gluten free. 
 with artichokes (yuck) and other hippie toppings. 
  Also. 
 if you are a college student on a budget. 
 I can see how this place is golden after eating top ramen all week. 
 I think this is who this place is for. 
 college students who are just hungry lol. 


But if you are looking for a pizza tasting pizza then I would recommend going to a traditional pizza place to avoid the disappointment. 
 There are too many other rocking pizza places nearby to come back here. 
. 
. 
. 
. 




This restaurant is Chipotle. 
 I mean everything. 
 the exterior facade. 
 the interior dining area tables and chairs right down to the open ceiling with exposed ventilation ducts. 
 This could easily confuse an extremely hungry person like me who is waiting in line. 
 "Yes I will take one chicken burrito. 
 white rice pinto beans. 
. 
. 
Oh. 
 this is a pizza place? Ohhhh ok. 
 Cool. 
 Give me all of that I just mentioned on a piece of dough that is not wrapped please. 
 Thanks. 
. 
. 
"

6:45pm: We r about 1. 
3 of our way to the front counter. 
. 
. 


7:03pm: We have now completed our order and r seated waiting for pies to be delivered to our table. 
. 
. 
The order process is exactly like Chipotle. 
 I'm still convinced we r at Chipotle and a cameraman will appear any minute to inform us we r on an episode of "hidden camera. 
. 
. 
"

7:07pm: Ok so the food came out really fast. 
 The trays for the pizza look just like. 
 you guessed it. 
 Chipotle. 


So the pizza was ok. 
 I hadn't ordered anything crazy. 
 some ham. 
 bacon. 
 chicken. 
 olive oil. 
 parmesan. 
mozzarella cheese and red sauce. 
 But I was disappointed that I could not get a good taste of the red sauce. 
 I was hoping for more flavor from the red sauce. 
 Pizza is always about the sauce. 


I would recommend trying this place at least once to see what you think. 
 I probably would not return as compared to other pizzas I have tasted. 
 I put this towards the bottom. 
 

I'm just gonna bring my own pizza to Chipotle and pretend I'm at Pieology. 


Thanks. 


CJ


This place is only 10 mins away from me. 
 and if i REALLY want some GOOD pizza. 
 this is it. 
 Mainly if i'm craving thin crust. 
 This is the Chipotlie. 
Subway of pizza parlors. 
 . 
 with really fresh. 
 good quality ingredients that makes me feel like I'm eating fairly healthy pizza (weird right?) 

For only $7 you can get your own pie with whatever ingredients that they have available. 
 I usually go for garlic herb. 
 maranaria and add some chicken with TONS of veggies like olives and artichokes. 
 YUM. 
 Also a must try is their Garlic Herb "bread sticks" - they basically use their whole pie and slather up their garlic herb on top and cook it as bread sticks. 
 so good. 
. 


Whenever I go it's usually crowded . 
 it isn't too bad finding seats since people come in and out pretty quickly. 
 Love the atmosphere. 
 it's roomy and especially love the quotes on the wall. 
 It's just something nice to look at while chomping down on some delicious pie. 
 So what are you waiting for? GO TRY IT. 
 :D


I'm normally a thick crust guy. 
 and am usually reluctant towards thinner crusts. 
 . 
 here. 
 you kind of forget about the crust and focus on the toppings. 
 It's almost like you're designing a flatbread. 
 

You're not going to find all the toppings in the world here. 
 . 
 for $8. 
 you can experiment with different combinations. 
 Try the spicy chicken. 
 It's all the same price anyways. 


Lastly. 
 the personal pizzas come out quick. 
 The guy manning the oven probably has the most important job in this establishment. 
 You won't have to wait forever to dig in (that is. 
 after you order). 


Classic salad was okay. 
 It's nice to have something else to munch on besides pizza. 


Line at Saturday 5:30 PM was about 30 minutes. 
 At 6:00 PM. 
 it looked like it was an hour long. 



Me: Everything. 
 

First assembly guy: Your pizza is going to be disastrous. 
 

What the heck did he say? Disastrous? This guy needed to go to SERVICE-OLOGY. 
  

Ended getting all the cheeses. 
 . 
 the way he commented about my pizza (which tasted devine by the way) was intently rude. 
 

http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton#VNlR4Vk3S0byLq9FGIuwbg

Ok. 
 I did not ask for his recommendation and if he was Chef Bobby Flay telling me. 
 I would understand. 
 But coming from a guy who'd probably eat a ham and cheese sandwich as his last meal. 
 then no. 
 

I enjoy variety. 
 I'm always experimenting with new combinations and for that day I wanted all the cheeses. 
 Do I have to explain myself? 

I learned my lesson from my first visit not to order every single topping which I didn't. 
 Got all the meats and some light vegetables. 
 

I'm starting to believe the word. 
 "everything". 
 is blasphemous in there. 
 

You just don't say it. 



Pizza made to order. 
 how you want it. 
 what you want in it. 
 for a fairly decent price. 
  The selections are all pretty good. 
  Herb . 
ter is a must. 
  This place is just too busy sometimes. 
  Expect to wait in line for about 20-30 min during dinner time. 
. 
. 
 when I see a line wrapping around the walls inside. 
 I've had to walk out a couple times because of this. 
  Fortunately. 
 there are plenty of other options nearby. 
 . 
 if you're craving a pizza. 
 Pieology is not a bad way to go. 



The pie came out rather quickly and we dug in. 
  I couldn't really taste anything. 
 . 
 again. 
 that was probably our fault because we loaded our pie with practically all the toppings. 
 

My main gripe is that the crust is thin-granted this probably ensures a quick turnaround for cooking. 
  My second gripe is that with so much staff around. 
 they could do a better job in keeping the tables wiped down. 


For the food. 
 it was similar to a Chipotle. 
  Very fresh ingredients and a good array of options. 
  I would've given this place 4 stars BUT the staff really did make this a 5 star place. 
  The manager cleaned up after previous guests in order for us to take a table in the shade away from the window and spoke to us about our day and the location and we were pleasantly surprised by his friendliness. 
  The pizza was good. 
 mine could've used a little bit more time in the oven because the middle came out a little soggy. 
 . 
 the edges of the pizza were great and crispy and just awesome. 
  So for the awesome staff and the good pizza. 
 I give this place a 5. 
  Thanks to all the staff for their kindness and suggestions on the pizza. 



What makes this different from your regular old pizza place is the fact that you can create your own pizza for a flat price. 
 Whatever you want and as much as you like without having to pay extra. 
 (Very nice. 
) my boyfriend being severely allergic to any dairy products can have pizza any way he likes it without worrying about getting sick. 
 

The pizza is very delicious I admit (of course I design it )  . 
 there was some downfall to this place. 
 My pizza's crust was just a little too crunchy for me. 
 Then the sound inside can get a little too loud. 
 Other than that everything seemed to be great. 
 

We all had a wonderful time and it was nice see an employee cleaning the tables every time a group left. 
 So you know that you are getting a clean table. 
 

I will definitely be going back there. 




Famous for: Personalized artisan. 
custom personal pizzas for $8


I like to call Pieology a fun pizza place:

- Stay in line. 
 maybe a long line. 
 . 
 it goes quick. 

- Look at the menu. 
 decide what you want. 
 you can customize your pie as well. 

- Now your in striking distance in front of pizza artist to full-fill your request like a Subway. 

- Then Pay. 
 my order was a Thin Crust with chicken. 
 bell peppers. 
 mozzarella cheese and jalapeños cost me about $7. 
50 not bad for a good personal size. 

- Last . 
 not least within 5 mins. 
 they take your order to your table calling out your name. 


My Verdict is that the pizza tasted alright. 
. 
. 
yeah and I mean Aiiiiiite. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 Maybe because the pizza was too hot to bite and my tongue was burnt by it to fully grasp the flavor. 
 . 
 I am not going to make that slide a bit. 
 The ingredients were average and the pizza left greasy with the oil being a bit much. 


But hey I was able to finish my pie and my stomach left me bloated. 
 I tried to stop eating . 
 my foodie ego says "Man Vs Food finish it. 
. 
. 
"

Like I said its fun pizza. 
. 
. 
just not authentic. 



From our experience. 
 it seems that this location doesn't "pack" the pie as much with toppings compared to other locations like the one at Irvine Spectrum. 
  But unlimited toppings and a personalized pizza for under $10. 
 how can you really complain?  Thank you Pieology for the great value and fresh. 
 tasty pizza pies. 



P. 
S. 
 Get the pesto sauce. 
 It's good on anything IMO




Line? No problem. 
 It'll move fast. 
 trust me. 


Happy employees? No problem. 
 They will cheer up your day even if you are down. 


Fast service? No problem. 
 They are speedy little robots here. 


Clean tables? No problem. 
 The robots are always on patrol to clear off tables and keep them nice and tidy. 


Proximity to CSUF? No problem. 
 A little more crowded . 
 also perhaps why they are used to being so efficient. 


Of course the pizza is consistently well prepared. 
 not a lot to screw up with their quick assembly line. 


Good stuff. 



I ordered half #3 and #6 - . 
 it somehow got lot in translation in the very short. 
 3 man assembly line. 
. 
 -_- I ended up basically with a #3 (BBQ Chicken). 
 with 2 different types of cheeses. 
 I had the sense to add some jalapenos and bacon to my concoction and it was still glorioussssss

The crust is so good. 
 flat. 
 and crispy. 
 Perfectly seasoned. 
 The ingredients were fresh. 
 BBQ sauce they drizzled was bomb. 
 Jalapenos were the kicker. 
 The bacon was aite (sadly). 


The "after bake" stuff seemed completely out of the question at the end. 
. 
 I think partially because they're just so busy. 
. 
. 
 I know someone wanted to add pesto on their pizza . 
 didn't get the chance to. 





I can't tell you what to get since to each their own. 
. 
if you like chicken then get chicken. 
. 
. 
 I will say adding herb . 
ter to the edges and marinara in the middle. 
 gives you a herby. 
 . 
tery crust that is delicious. 
. 
 -1 star for not having anchovies. 
. 
sorry not sorry. 
 . 
 they're my fav :. 




Don't get me wrong. 
  I love the concept . 
 its not for me. 



$7. 
50 for any menu pizza OR your own custom (just tell them what you want. 
 chipotle assembly-line style) 
---#4 w. 
 added tomatoes: yummy. 
 liked how it wasn't too heavy since it was light on the cheese
---my CUSTOM pizza: (pesto sauce. 
 mozzarella. 
 garlic. 
 mushroom. 
 & basil): WAY too much mozzarella. 
 i guess i just trusted the workers would know how much was enough. 
 ALSO wish they had fresh buffalo mozzarella

i'd probably stick to the menu pizzas & just change a topping here or there because they might have a better idea of the ingredient proportions. 



So you know how very often. 
 the "original" is always the best? Pieology is no exception to the rule. 


Owned by Michael Chang (yes. 
 THAT Michael Chang) and his older brother. 
 Pieology exploded onto the OC foodie scene very much like how Michael exploded onto the tennis scene a few decades ago. 


Since then. 
 there have been so many imitators. 
 including Blaze and Pitfire. 
 yet. 
 Pieology has managed to stay on top because it offers customers everything they want. 
. 
. 
with a smile. 
 :o

I've never experienced burnt or soggy crust at Pieology. 
 nor have I ever been served by anyone who looked unhappy to give me more toppings. 
 (Yes. 
 this has happened at other places. 
)

I also appreciate that they handle their crowds well. 
 and in 5-10 min. 
 the people at the end of the line out the door are now in the front. 


So what toppings do I recommend for your Pieology experience?

1. 
) Herb Butter - Get your crust . 
tered with this. 


2. 
) Pesto - You can get red sauce anywhere else--be a little adventurous. 
 . 
)

3. 
) Mozzarella. 
 Ricotta. 
 AND Parmesan - Cheese lovers UNITE. 


4. 
) More Chicken. 
 More Bacon. 
 - Don't be shy. 


5. 
) Pepperoni. 
 Sausage. 
 Meatball. 
 Ham - You get the point. 
 . 
)

6. 
) Garlic and Fresh Basil - Garlic because it's delicious. 
 Basil to counteract your beastly breath after you're done eating. 


When you get your pizza. 
 it might just look this divine:
http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton?select=HwNjiwJVK6dHFl7SuH-mWQ#HwNjiwJVK6dHFl7SuH-mWQ
(Or. 
 it could look like a hot mess. 
 . 
 either way. 
 it will still be delicious. 
 . 
))

Thanks for reading. 


P. 
S. 
 If you want a slightly healthier. 
 less excessive pizza. 
 you could make this:
http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton?select=IVUDcrAPtuZCkyilRETDIA#IVUDcrAPtuZCkyilRETDIA
(But that would probably defeat the purpose of coming here. 
 :p)

P. 
P. 
S. 
 Was this Useful. 
 Funny. 
 and. 
or Cool? Let me know below. 
  ^_^


I felt like there was a bit more grease than there should've been and perhaps that could've been because of my meat toppings. 
 Also. 
 my bottom was a little too burnt. 
 my fingers were covered in black of the charred crust. 
. 
. 


Being the good yelper that I am. 
 I remembered to ask for side of their pesto sauce that I read about which made the pizza eating experience much better. 
 A few drops on each slice of pizza did the magic and really improved it. 


In the end. 
 I think 3 stars is a good average of my poor pizza and my friend's good pizza. 
 I guess this place is only as good as your pizza customizing skills. 
. 
. 



Parking: Too many 30 minute parking slots in the vicinity. 


Price: 1 personal pizza = $8. 
10 (includes tax)

Pizza: Red + Herb Butter Sauce topped with Mozzarella + Ricotta Cheese. 
 Bacon. 
 Ham. 
 Sausage. 
 Pepperoni. 
 Olives. 
 Mushrooms. 
 Artichokes. 
 Tomato. 
 Pineapple. 
 Basil. 
 and Garlic 

*See pic here: http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton?select=SgbSHLKXUI3dOk9MebKEDw#SgbSHLKXUI3dOk9MebKEDw


Service: Could be improved--my gripe is that the employees don't always listen to the customer's preferences (my friend actually just wanted ricotta cheese . 
 she wasn't able to tell one making her pizza because he had already doused the pizza pie with mozzarella). 


Wait time: at least 15 minutes to get through the line

Bottom line: Go here for your pizza fix if you can stand waiting in line. 



PARKING: Kinda sucks. 
 a lot of the spaces are marked 30 minutes or 60 minutes so you have to watch out and the line at Pieology can get kind of long so plan accordingly. 
  Otherwise. 
 I just park near the supermarket area and walk over. 


WAIT: The wait is usually long. 
 especially during lunch hour. 
  I've gone at 12pm on a Friday and 2pm on a Sunday and it's STILL a long line. 
 I think it's because it takes people a while to order and get through the line. 


ATMOSPHERE: Looks like chipotle. 
 feels like chipotle. 
  With the metal chairs and wooden type booths and tables in the center and the line that you can order at. 
  It's casual . 
 fun. 
 something unique. 


FOOD: I always choose my own toppings. 
make my own pizza. 
 If you're one of those people that like to get the most out of your money you should do this because it's the SAME price for the pre-chosen pizzas (where they already list out the toppings) . 
 for lazy people or those that don't like too many choices. 
 the pre-chosen pizzas are good too (my boyfriend said the BBQ chicken was really good). 


Anyway. 
 I get half and half. 
 because why not?. 
 I get half the herb . 
ter and half marinara and put sausage. 
 mushroom. 
 onion and bacon on the marinara side and chicken. 
 pesto. 
 sundried tomato and garlic on the herb . 
ter side. 
 mmm so good. 


Don't forget they put the pesto on AFTER they bake the pizza. 


You pay and then wait for your name to be called and then dig in. 
  Each pizza has about 8 slices and they are pretty big. 
  Think about your pizza combos before you make them because some things just don't go together so don't become too eager. 
  The pizza crust is thin and sometimes can get kind of oily so beware of that too. 


Overall. 
 I love this place. 
 customizable. 
 fresh. 
 tasty. 
 AND they also have gluten free options. 
 A win overall :)





It's not like THE BEST. 
 But it's good enough so we eat here every once in a while. 
 
It's like a 3 and a half stars for me. 




For about $8 you get a bigger than expected personal pizza. 
 and you tell them what you want on there starting with the sauce. 
 cheeses. 
 meats. 
 veggies. 
 and other toppings after it's baked. 
  I had the herb . 
ter. 
 red sauce. 
 all of the cheeses. 
 peperoni. 
 sausage. 
 mushrooms. 
 olives. 
 peppers. 
 and pesto after it was baked. 
  It's a thin crust. 
 so it doesn't take very long for them to bring it out nice and hot. 
  It was a very good pizza for a phenomenal price. 
 and pretty cool atmosphere . 
 no tvs. 
 so it's not really a place to go with folks to grab a pie and watch a game. 
  But still. 
 great vibe. 
 good food. 
 and good company. 


 I advise going early in the evening. 
 The line gets really long during peak dinner time. 



I tasted the other pizzas that my group created and the sausages were delish as well as the roasted peppers and pepperoni. 
  YUM YUM. 
. 


Don't know much "Pieology"
Don't know much about a science book
Don't know much about the "Italian" I took

An adaption of an oldie . 
 goodie. 
 just like this place which kind of re-invents a very old food concept. 
  Sometimes less is better. 
  When I was in Rome earlier this year. 
 I had a "Roman" pizza at a tiny place around the corner from the Vatican. 
  I had never heard of a Roman pizza. 
  All it contained was chicory. 
 anchovies and a drizzle of olive oil on a rectangular crust:  I thought it was the best pizza I have had in my life. 
  Similarly. 
 I never took Italian in school. 
 . 
 what I did learn was self-taught via a dictionary. 
 verb book and phrase book. 
  I wanted to impress a girl I was visiting. 
  After 6 months of e-mailing her only in Italian. 
 she decided she liked me better speaking English. 
  WOMEN. 
  There went my $50 in books. 
. 
. 
 - LOL

I came here after reading my Yelp sister Maila H. 
's review (she's Hawaiian. 
Filipino just like me - She's also much better looking. 
). 
  The menu is very simple as are the pizzas. 
  They have pizzas. 
 salads. 
 drinks and ding dongs (Yeah. 
 you heard me right. 
 ding dongs for a $1. 
50. 
). 
  You can make your own pizza (including gluten free crust for $1 more). 
 or you can choose from the seven standard pizzas. 
 including an eighth which is the Pizza of the Month. 
  All of the pizzas are $7. 
50. 
  Full salads are $7 and half salads are well. 
 half price. 
  

The Pizza of the Month was Thai Chicken. 
 which reminded me of CPK. 
 so I ordered the #5 instead - Mozzarella. 
 parmesan. 
 ricotta. 
 basil and olive oil. 
  Pizzas are made to order and come out in about 5 minutes. 
  The crust is super thin. 
 which is fine by me. 
  I prefer to taste my toppings vs eating a gutbuster Pizza Hut version that is all crust. 
  The cheese is super fresh and the combo of mozzarella. 
 parmesan and ricotta was well thought out. 
  The basil and olive oil are a nice touch because I don't care for red sauce on my pizza:  4 Stars. 


I also had a half classic salad that came with walnuts. 
 cranberries and feta cheese. 
  The salad was a nice finish after the pizza which. 
 as you can imagine was super rich with all the cheese. 
  My entire meal was $15 (with a $1. 
50 soda and tip). 
 and I was pretty full afterwards:  4 Stars. 


The ambiance is minimalist. 
 . 
 pretty clean. 
  The Manager stopped by to say hello. 
  The staff is very friendly and efficient. 
  The place was packed at noon on a Mon. 
 so I was glad that I arrived early. 
  This place is about a 15 min drive from work and well worth it. 
  I can't wait to learn more about Pieology. 
 (As for the Italian. 
 maybe I need to find a new Italian gf - LOL. 
). 



I love this place. 
  I'm a regular here go just about every week and get the meat lovers and I'll try different build my own. 
 It always comes out just right. 
 
I love the thin crust. 
 I usually get half red sauce and garlic herb. 
  Every pizza I get here has me coming back every time. 
 Tip to avoid the crowd go around 2-4pm weekdays. 



Great that they have a gluten-free crust when I wanna get healthy with my pizza slightly. 
 hahah


Chipotle style custom personal sized pizzas. 


Get in line and pick your crust. 
 sauce. 
 cheese and toppings. 
 They have really good gluten-free crust and tons of different choices to customize your za. 


It was just about the same price as Chipotle would cost ($7-$8) and you get a good sized pizza. 
 

The décor looks pretty damn close to a Chipotle with its own little personalization (random quotes on the walls and shit). 


I loved it and will def come back. 



Located in the bustling area of Chapman and State College next to What's Up Men. 
 this place rocks. 
 Don't be threatened by the long lines. 
 it actually goes by pretty fast. 


The menu's not that big. 
 They offer 7 types of pizzas to order from OR you can customize your own. 
 Either way it's $8 and if you don't want carbs they also offer a salad alternative. 
 The pizza's are thin and portioned perfectly for one person. 
 I almost always order a #3 which is basically a BBQ chicken. 
 A delicious BBQ chicken at that. 
 Sometimes I feel rebellious and customize my own . 
 most of the time it's the #3. 
 I also order the cinnamon sugar strips which are sooo sweet and cinnamon-y. 
. 
 It's a great appetizer or dessert. 
 Either way it's bomb. 


Looking for something cheap. 
 fast and real good? College student on a budget? Couples on a budget? Fulfilling a pizza craving? Fulfilling a carb craving? Pieology's PERFECT. 
. 



Their pizza is awesome and for only $7. 
95. 
 You customize it. 
 any way you want it. 
 More chicken? Sure here's more. 
 More pesto? Sure he's more. 
 More mushrooms? Sure here's more. 
 You get the point. 


We usually get one pizza with mozzarella. 
 pepperoni. 
 pineapple. 
 and jalapeno and another pizza with pesto. 
 chicken. 
 mushrooms. 
 artichoke hearts. 
 extra garlic with extra pesto to dip. 
 Two pizzas are more than enough to feed me. 
 Mr. 
. 
 and the tiny tot (who's not so tiny anymore). 



So the concept is build your own pizza. 
 or you can choose one of their concoctions. 
 But basically you pick and choose what you want on your pizza. 
 As many or as little toppings as you want and its all only $7. 
50. 
 It's a small pizza about 11" or so . 
 it can be packed with goodies. 


It's not too big of a serving. 
 as I was able to eat the whole thing myself (I am a fatty) . 
 I normally have only 2 slices of thick crusted pizzas. 
 Good eats. 
 fun spot. 
 and great quotes on their interior wall decor. 
 Methinks I will be back. 



$22 for two pizzas. 
 not so bad. 
 =)

Will definitely be coming back here. 



You come in lining up as other's said (Chipotle style of pizza) 
Once greeted up front you then start building your pizza. 
 

Starting off with the sauces (your choices): 
Red Sauce
Herb Butter
Olive Oil

Cheeses:
Mozzarella
Ricotta
Parmesan
Gorgonzola

Toppings Meat:
Pepperoni
Sausage
Meatball
Chicken
Ham
Bacon

Toppings Other:
Black Olives
Mushrooms
Red Onions
Green Peppers
Artichokes
Tomato
Pineapple
Jalapeños
Fresh Basil
Cilantro
Garlic



I had the medium size (about 7. 
50. 
 all the toppings you want) I had extra red sauce. 
 mozzarella cheese. 
 pepperoni. 
 sausage. 
 bacon. 
 olives. 
 mushrooms. 
 cilantro. 
 and garlic. 


I also ordered a side of "herb bread" i loved it. 
 with a size of marinera (free) 

the service is quick. 
 fast. 
 friendly. 
 The greatest part is that it truely tastes fresh. 
 doesnt feel like your drowning in heavy oils of pizza. 
 thin crust wins. 



Pros:
 A++++ for Originality
Inexpensive
Variety of topping choices
In and out less then 10 min

Cons:
The asian girl working there was rude. 
 I asked her for extra cheese and she looked at me as If I was dumb. 
 She was probably just mad cause she was Fugly. 


Overall. 
 with the exception of the female worker I would come here again. 
 My pizza was DELICIOUS and inexpensive. 
 Can't go wrong. 








They have their signature "Build your own pizza" for roughly $8 plus tax. 
  You can choose as many toppings as you'd like and the options are great. 
 They also have a cinnamon sticks for roughly $3 as well. 
 

If you go here. 
  just be prepared to wait a little while due to the long line of hungry customers. 
  Overall. 
  this is a great pizza joint for a reasonable price. 




Stepping inside. 
 I felt this whole Chipotle vibe. 
 The colors. 
 the set-up. 
 seating arrangement. 
 Everything just reminded me of Chipotle. 
 There's also quotes on the wall. 


Basic premise is you choose whatever toppings you want on your pizza for a flat rate of $7. 
50. 
 That's like super cheap. 
 They also have preset orders if you really don't know what to choose. 
 Like the #1. 
 #2. 
 yada yada. 
. 
 Once you're done with your topping selections. 
 they put it in a modernized brick oven. 
 

It wasn't crowded at all when we went. 
 which was great. 
 We went around 4pm-ish. 
 There were lots of seating available. 
 We waited around 5 minutes for our pizzas to get cooked. 


I admit I was skeptical at first because of the way it looked before it was cooked and also I was never really a fan of thin crust pizzas. 
 But oh wow. 
 once I tasted my first slice. 
 I was sold. 
 The red sauce. 
 the cheese. 
 the toppings tasted great. 
 The only problem I had was that the crust was a little burnt. 
 Otherwise. 
 everything was good. 


Will be back here for sure. 



This is not a gourmet pizza place. 
 they never claimed to be a Neapolitan style conformist so I won't roll up on them for anything like that. 
  What they are is a Chipotle-style assembly line complete with minimally interactive robotic humans that will assemble your pizza to your specification. 
  not hating. 
 . 
 I understand that they're just slapping together pizzas for the masses. 
. 
. 


For my initial attempt. 
 I got the closest thing to a Neapolitan pizza off of the standard menu:  a #5. 
  It came with large tomato slices which I could have probably told them to hold off. 
 and the basil was a rough chiffonade instead of whole leaves which is also fine http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton#pM77KS_KDektewqyM4vVSA. 
  The #5 also comes standard with garlic. 
 mozzarella. 
 and parmesan cheese. 
  Not bad. 
 just a bit sloppy. 
  I wish they would cut it into smaller slices like 6ths instead of just quartering it. 
 I think this would go a long way towards holding up better http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton#Fgv5cN7kW2SLBtY4sl5XXA. 
  Aside from that the plastic utensils are barely of any help. 
. 
. 


My better half got a #3 http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton#5IKdIfAIQILDYcaaboCcTg and added some roasted red peppers to it to kick it up a notch. 
  The BBQ sauce and chicken. 
 along with the gorgonzola and cilantro. 
 was mighty tasty. 
. 
. 
 
http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton#VnFkEfzdrZt0-wrNrrKb5g

The Ding Dongs threw me off. 
  I bought one mainly of curiosity. 
 . 
 they're nothing special. 
  I can buy 12 of them on sale at the market occasionally for $2. 
50. 
  Although they also have bottled drinks. 
 I can say that the syrup. 
CO2 water ratio is working fine at the help yourself soda dispenser. 
. 
. 
 

The five stars is for a fully customizable individual pizza for the incredibly reasonable price of $7. 
50. 
   at this price everyone in your party can get whatever they want. 
  The crust is slightly on the thin. 
 closer to a flatbread side. 
  This is particularly significant if your "eyes are bigger than your stomach"  and you start to pile it on with the variety of toppings available. 
 perhaps beyond the point where the crust can easily support it all. 
  They do have a $6 cheese pizza for minimalist cheapskates and starving students to go with their menu of a half dozen preconfigured pizzas for the decidedly undecided. 
. 
. 

http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton#hHkH2-jqHQXwU24J_4G1aQ

The dining area has some warm touches like leather lined sofa booths to go with it's otherwise simple furnishings http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton#DQDGecqmc9V8G7uzRMM9vg. 
  The sayings and proverbs on the wall encourage interesting topics of banter http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton#4ufdJ1vzzDrDsJy2QczH6w. 
  The clientele is mostly early 20-somethings perhaps from the nearby CS Fullerton student populace. 
. 
. 

http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton#ClNf07m37JUd5x8Lcr49Jg

The food is probably more like a four star. 
 . 
 the value and convenience brings it up to five stars. 
  The idea is catching on with other places like Blaze Pizza at the UTC at UCI. 
  I will be back. 
. 
. 



I prefer the taste of 800 degrees in Westwood's crust. 
 But. 
 Pieology wins at toppings. 
 They have a bigger variety. 
 and it's unlimited. 
. 
. 
 I am a big fan of asking the worker to pile on ricotta & sausage. 


I don't do pizza very often. 
 . 
 I'd definitely return. 



*I do wish they had sambal though. 
 :'(



Upon entering you get the very familiar sense of chipotlesque set up. 
 etc. 
  There is music. 
 lots of patrons and the aroma of pizza deliciousness. 
  There are several popular pizza options. 
 as well as making your own pie. 
 They have what seems like an endless list of ingredients to choose from. 
  Just like Chipotle. 
 you are greeted and asked what you'd like to have. 
 you simply let the pie artist what you'd like to have that day and they whip it up right in front of your eyes. 


I ordered: Ricotta Cheese. 
 Parmesan. 
 and Mozzarella Cheese. 
 Garlic. 
 Pepperoni. 
 Green Peppers and Basil on regular crust. 
  This pizza was delish. 
. 
. 
  Freshly baked and big enough for two people to split and enjoy. 
  It makes me want to come back again and again. 
  The price stays the same regardless of toppings. 
 its great. 


Pros:
Fresh Pizza
Gluten free options
Tons of choices
Clean
Friendly staff that seems like they truly enjoy their job
Great Food
Nice feel to the restaurant
Great for families and kids
Pricing is great. 


Cons:
Location is sort of weird. 
 the way it faces the street and not much parking close to the establishment. 
  Other than this not-so-important con. 
 there is nothing to complain about. 




The crust is a thinner crust and big enough to have a couple slices left over if you are eating one by yourself. 
 

You can choose from garlic . 
ter. 
 olive oil or marinara sauce as your base (or a combo of these). 
 I asked for garlic . 
ter around the crust and marinara in the center. 
 Yum. 
 Gorgonzola. 
 Ricotta. 
 Parmesan. 
 or mozzarella for the cheese options. 
 For meats. 
 theres pepperoni. 
 sausage. 
 meatballs. 
 bacon. 
 ham. 
 chicken and spicy chicken. 
 As for the veggies. 
 they have the typical ones as well as cilantro and garlic. 
 They even have several things you can add after your pizza bakes. 


They also make a dessert pizza with cinnamon and sugar and an appetizer pizza with garlic . 
ter. 
 And the pizzas really dont take long to bake. 
 

If you havent tried this place. 
 then youre crazy. 
 because its really that awesome. 



Pick from one of the standard issue deals or make up your own as you go along. 
 Pretty cool concept. 
 Except the same lame problem that others like Chipolte and Subway have. 
 The staff is just a little below par in the head cheese department. 


So I ask for a #2. 

 "Two pizzas" she replied
No just a #2. 

 "OK 2 number twos"
No one #2. 

" A number 1 and a number 2?"
NO I ONLY WANT ONE #2 PIZZA. 

"Oh. 
 OK one #2 pizza"
Yes you got it. 
 (Finally as they begin to still make 2 pizzas)
"Hey (insert name) he only wants one"
Guy stops making second pie. 


Felt like I was doing the who's on first thing. 
 
Have them add shrooms onions and jalapenos to my #2 meat lovers pizza. 

 Then to top it all off the cashier asks me if I wanted 2 Iced teas to go with my pizza. 

Did I have a #2 tattooed on my forehead while I was sleeping?

But after a short wait I got my pizza. 
 http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
X_4ILa4wqmiw445WBUGBgg?selected=zlJMAxUOBwCiNG_StFb0Yg#v_jxMixm0p_JwS5dsRNdXg
Hey this pizza ain't half bad. 
 tasted good and had all the crap I like. 
 The guy who dreamed up this pie must be a genius. 
 Not so quick smarty. 
 The onions and peppers are hardly cooked. 
 just eat it and remember next time to tell them to cook it just a little longer  4+****Star food

Take my word for it this kind of pizza will be the Subway of pizza. 
 these things will be popping up like Starbucks. 
 Whats not to love? Cheap. 
 quality pizza. 
 that you can customize to suit your on tastes. 


Service 3***Star (they finally got it right)

I'll be back



My sis-in-law and her family love this place so when we were visiting Fullerton. 
 she took us there. 
 I just love the concept and how fast and delicious the food is. 
 I understand the lines can get really. 
 really long especially at this location . 
 it wasn't too terrible when we arrived. 
 The line was to the door . 
 it moved remarkably fast. 
 Pieology has a list of seven regular pizzas . 
 you can also make your own. 
. 
. 
which I did. 


All pizzas are just $7. 
50 - no matter what you put on it. 
 Amazing. 
 You start with a personal size thin crust and select traditional sauce. 
 olive oil or herb . 
ter. 
 Then you slide down to the cheese station where the choices are mozzarella. 
 parmesan. 
 ricotta or gorgonzola (. 
). 
 Scoot a little further down to select from the various meats such as pepperoni. 
 chicken. 
 ham. 
 sausage. 
 meatball or bacon. 
 More toppings await such as cilantro. 
 jalapeno. 
 fresh basil. 
 sliced tomato. 
 bell pepper. 
 mushrooms. 
 pineapple. 
 red onion. 
 black olives and garlic. 
 Oh yeah. 
 artichoke hearts too. 
 Then they slide it in a very busy oven and within a few minutes your pizza is ready to eat in-house or get it boxed to take home. 
 Incredibly delicious. 
 incredibly fast and incredibly cheap. 


I desperately want Pieology to come to Tucson and could see it being wildly successful down on University near the UofA. 


So please. 
 someone do it. 
 If you won't lend me the money. 
 let me be your partner. 
 Or at the very least. 
 give me free pizza for life to thank me for making you a millionaire. 





When my friend told me about this place. 
 I was pretty excited to try it. 
 Request as many toppings as you'd like without extra charges? Sounds good to me. 


Man was I in for a surprise. 
. 
 When I got there. 
 all hell broke loose. 
 I was like a kid in a candy store. 
 I seriously pointed at EVERYTHING and the staff member was very patient with me going back and forth in the trays of toppings when I spotted another cool thing to add to my pizza. 
 After all that ruckus. 
 they pop your pizza into a BRICK OVEN. 
 I love brick oven pizza. 
 And you wait for them to call your name when it is ready. 
 You may also request for your pizza to be more well done if you like it crispier. 


Seating might be a little problem because this place can get pretty busy. 
 like. 
. 
. 
 out the door busy. 
 I suggest teamwork. 
 one person orders while the other person hunts for a table. 


My friend also recommended the cinnamon sticks. 
 which comes in a pizza form . 
 they slice it into strips. 
 I saw many customers with this on their table and I fully regret not trying it. 
. 
. 
. 
 It smelled so good. 
 Maybe next time I'm in the area. 


OH. 
 And they have cute quotes from celebrities on the wall :)


The second time around. 
 I shared the pesto and basil (#6). 
  With flavors concentrating around the basil. 
 tomatoes. 
 and pesto. 
 you would be able to fully appreciate the tastes that comes with them. 
  It was a light pizza. 
 and pretty delicious. 
  For dessert. 
 we got the cinnamon sticks. 
 which of course. 
 is shaped like the pizzas. 
  It too. 
 was light and not too sweet. 
 

If you're in the area. 
 this place is worth a try as its uniqueness. 
 quality. 
 and bargain price is all great. 



Unlimited. 
 fresh ingredients to make your own pizza. 
 Or you can choose from their 7 classic pies. 
  

#4 mozzarella. 
 parmesan. 
 ricotta. 
 fresh basil. 
 black pepper. 
 olive oil: Sounds freaking delicious. 
. 
 it was only okay. 
 It lacked flavor compared to the other ones. 
 

#5: tomatoes. 
 fresh basil. 
 mozzarella. 
 parmesan. 
 garlic: Okay. 
 this one was pretty good. 
 Better than #4. 


#6: pesto. 
 roasted red peppers. 
 mozzarella. 
 parmesan. 
 garlic: SO DAMN GOOD. 
 OMG. 
 My friend ordered it first and I tried a bite and it was better than what i had gotten. 
 I was mad. 
 So the second time around. 
 I ordered this and it was delicious as ever. 
 

http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton?selected=jUKvkbvcoSkmZ8Hg-I00Wg#K4qerjkHHRnJk4qWB7JtIw

http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
pieology-pizzeria-fullerton?selected=jUKvkbvcoSkmZ8Hg-I00Wg#AK-7JRcqUIMitnot6VKvGg

My custom one was pretty good too. 
 You just need to know what ingredients go with what. 
 The first time we went. 
 my friend threw all the ingredients on there. 
 Way too much and he said he couldn't distinguish anything. 
 So I suggest don't put every single ingredient on. 
  

And you can half-half your pizza. 
 All for $7. 
50. 
 Good price if you ask me. 



I asked the worker for more bacon and pepperoni on my pizza and he didn't even judge me. 
 I will most definitely becoming back here soon. 
 Well. 
 maybe not to this particular one since there's one open in Irvine now. 



Why is it the best? They pile on the sauce. 
 cook it to perfect temperature. 
 and use fresh ingredients. 
 Props to the founder. 
 

Think if it like Chipotle for pizza with the assembly line setup. 
 It can get hectic in the end when they're popping out pizzas left and right. 
 There has been more than a few incidents where my pizza got lost in the stack or was never made. 
 Management is hit or miss. 
 No props to management. 



Atmosphere: Always busy and noisy. 
 if you need your quiet time during a romantic dinner this is NOT the place for you. 
 Expect to see people of all backgrounds enjoy their food and buddies. 
 

Food. 
Drinks: The good thing about these type of places is that the food can taste good or bad. 
 . 
 in the end it was your choices that caused this. 
 My advice is to add some Gorgonzola and Garlic to your pie. 
 It adds to the flavor complexity. 
 Also if you are looking to change things up add some BBQ sauce. 


Price: $7. 
50 a pie. 
 That's not bad. 
 even for those of us that are more frugal than most. 


I have also been to the one in Irvine & Puente Hills East. 
. 
. 
 it never disapoints. 



This time I will have to say. 
 it wasn't the most positive experience. 
  The pie makers this go-around were just downright unpleasant. 
  Yes there was a line of people. 
 and yes we waited in line. 
  That doesn't mean you have to rush through. 
 and keep trying to skimp on toppings. 
 and making nasty faces when I ask for more. 
  When I ask for peperoni or ham that is what I want. 
. 
 not just two or four tiny pieces. 
 I want like a good amount. 
  I just want the management to know that we are watching. 
 and have noticed the decline in speed. 
 and amounts of toppings. 
  Is it really that hard to ask the customer if they need anything else?

Pizza was good as usual. 
 . 
 staff is on the decline. 
  Management better watch. 








Make your own pie or choose one of their signature ones. 
 either way it's $7. 
50. 
. 
 What a great deal. 
 especially for the students who are mostly broke. 
 Thin crusted and so tasty. 
 You can add as much or as least as you want. 
 however you want it. 


It's quick and  friendly service. 
 I'm a big fan. 
 Another place added to my list of awesome places to eat at while in Brea. 
Fullerton. 


I want more. 
. 
. 


Usually I can get two meals out of my pizza. 
 so it's definitly worth it. 
  Try out this place if you like pizza and unique eats. 


This is like the chipotle of pizzas meaning you can create your own perfect pizza for ~$7. 
50. 
 This is also a thin crust pizza. 
 which is great for a light. 
 . 
 filling lunch. 
dinner. 
 I'm giving a 4 for the food. 
 . 
 this location had bad service. 
 I don't care even if they are busy at night. 
 it would be better to be more considerate to every customer regardless. 
 I might just take my business to another location. 
 I heard Irvine had better service and is more generous with their items. 
 

Food: 
Of course the thing that lured me into this place was garlic. 
. 
. 
 I was so excited to create my own pizza because sometimes I like certain items more than other. 
 I was spiltting a pizza with my friend so on his side. 
 we added sausage. 
 pepperoni. 
 bacon and every meat item that they had. 
 On my side. 
 I added EXTRA mozzarella. 
 purple onions. 
 pineapple. 
 olives and TONS of garlic. 
 I was a little disappointed that they were so busy to ignore the extra request of garlic I had asked for. 
 It only took my pizza a few minutes to cook. 
 which was awesome. 
 

Drinks: 
Bottled drinks or refillable soft drinks on the side

Service: 
I don't know if they were just busy that night. 
 . 
 I did not care for the service at all. 
 First there are like 5 people handling one pizza. 
 I think the first person ask how many pizza you want and the sauce. 
 and then after they slide it over to the person to add meat. 
 and then again to the person to add vegetables. 
 I felt a bit rushed and they were kind of impatient with my order. 
 I know they were busy. 
 . 
 it was my first time and it was really rude that they didn't even give me 5 seconds to pick my food. 
 I had to keeping asking them to put certain condiments on my pizza. 
 

Environment: 
I heard this location is larger than the Irvine one. 
 There were about 20 tables. 
 My 20 friends and I were able to come here for a birthday party and still sit comfortably. 
 even though we had to save a bunch of tables. 




Anyway the way it works is you pay a fixed $8 for a personal pizza and you are granted the option of putting ANY toppings on it at no additional charge (similar to Subway). 
  They have a huge options of ingredients you can put in like ham. 
 bacon. 
 mushroom. 
 garlic. 
 basil. 
 red peppers. 
 pesto. 
 etc. 
  Once again you can put as much of this on your pizza at no extra charge. 
   

They have pre-made options like Meat Lovers. 
 BBQ chicken. 
 etc. 
  I'd recommend picking a pre-made option and adding the stuff you like on top of it. 
   I picked up the meat lovers pizza and added garlic. 
 mushrooms. 
 and some bacon on it and it was pretty solid. 
  My friend did the #6 (pesto. 
 red peppers. 
 roasted garlic) and added LOADS of basil. 
 mushrooms. 
 bacon. 
 and some chicken on it. 
  Both were good. 


Anyway the cook will throw all your toppings on your pizza. 
 they put the pizza in a FIRE (yes fire. 
) oven and bake it four about 3-5 minutes. 
  Me and my friend literally just got our utensils and sat down and they called our names up within 2 minutes of paying. 
  The pizza comes out super fast. 
  The pizza is thin crust so It's not super oily. 
 . 
 if you are a big guy it may not fill up your appetite either. 


What I like about this place is if you get bored you can always try new stuff by making crazy combinations of pizzas. 
  

I feel like people who are under "certain influences" (lol) *wink wink* will  dig like this place 'cause they can put EVERYTHING on their pizza and BLOW THEIR MIND AWAY at the concept. 



They came back with 3 pizzas. 
 Evidently. 
 you can make any concoction for $7. 
50. 
 Yes. 
 any. 
. 
. 
 

From what they told us. 
 the pizza was ready in less than 10 mins. 
 It was super busy. 
 . 
 they made it out very quickly. 


The 3 pizzas we had were the meat lovers. 
 BBQ chicken and artichoke. 
 I really LOVED the meat lovers pizza. 
. 
. 
 

Cheap and fast. 
 We liked the pizza so much we were even craving the pizza the following day and we considered going back for lunch. 





I used to go here when I'm craving pizza. 
 . 
 the quality has just depleted. 
 The second to last visit I had. 
 the pizza was not fully cooked. 
 It was soggy and was not enjoyable. 
  

The very last time I visited was on 10. 
1. 
14 at around 6PM (Wednesday Night). 
  The pizza again was not fully cooked. 
 . 
 this time I had the worst food poisoning. 
  I have never had food poisoning before so this was a traumatic experience for me. 
  I went home around 9PM (after class) and I felt very ill. 
  I actually did not sleep at all. 
 . 
 instead spent hours vomiting out the meatball. 
 bacon. 
 and some other toppings and being on the toilet. 
  I could not sleep at all because my stomach was in so much pain. 
 

Now I'm infuriated because I have to skip my quiz this morning because I'M STILL in pain. 
  

Maybe someone sneezed on my pizza or something happen. 
 . 
 this is absolutely unsanitary. 


I would definitely not take the risk of this happening again. 
  Such a disappointment. 




This is THIN crust pizza by the way. 



It's a great concept. 
 you walk pick the crust. 
 sauce. 
 and toppings. 
 If you're not feeling creative you can order off their favorites menu. 
 There are plenty of meats and veggies to pick from and you can even get fancy with the bbq chicken or blanca (all white pizza). 
 At around $7-8 its not a bad deal considering that you can probably get two meals out of one pizza or split 1 between two people. 
 

I'd classify pieology as a fast food joint. 
 you order off a board and have your food in about 10 minutes. 
 Being close to CSUF. 
 the place can get packed around lunch time. 
 The desert pizza for $3 is worth checking out. 
 They bake a smaller pizza and toss it some cinnamon sugar and glaze for a great after dinner treat. 





Pros
+ It's a fun. 
 creative. 
 and tasty experience. 

+ You can have everything on your pizza for 1 low price. 

+ $8. 
08 for every pizza. 
 unless you add special stuff (which I'm not aware about). 

+ Chicken. 
 bacon. 
 tomatoes. 
 basil. 
 mozzarella. 
 onions. 
 mushrooms. 
 and a little bit of parmesan on red sauce LIKE A BOSS. 

+ Savory. 
 sweet. 
 saucy. 
 juicy. 
 and the right amount of cheesiness. 

+ Thin crispy crust. 

+ When the line isn't horrendous. 
 service is PRETTY QUICK. 



Cons
- Thin crispy crust. 

- I could easily eat 2 of these. 
 Maybe 3. 


If you love pizzas and you're a picky eater. 
 Pieology is a good time waiting to happen in your mouth. 
 I would definitely return. 
 . 
 even though the pizzas are sized appropriately at a meager $8. 
 an any size. 
 any crust. 
 and an any-way-you-want-it-pizza from Pizza Hut for $10 is just as tempting. 



Located right by Cal State Fullerton. 
 it's a clever food option for the hungry college student. 
  Made-to-order thin crust pizza with all the toppings you want for $7. 
50 +tax. 
 it's definitely worth the price. 


I took the advice of my friends and tried not to get too greedy with the toppings. 
  It's like going to an AYCE restaurant. 
  Just because they say its "all you can eat". 
 we really shouldn't be eating ALL that we can -- for the sake of our health and the . 
ton on them new skinny jeans. 
  With that in mind. 
 you CAN add all the toppings you want -- I'm not going to stop you. 
  However. 
 if you do that. 
 you risk the chance of the veggies not cooking all the way through. 
  Not a huge deal. 
 . 
 the crust is super thin and the pizza only stays in the oven for about 5 minutes. 
 FLASH BAKE. 
  I suggest you stay with your essentials for the best tasting pizza. 


What did I order?? The best pizza I've had in a long time. 
 

Used option #5 to start off my pizza. 
  A simple mixture of tomatoes. 
 fresh basil. 
 mozzarella. 
 parmesan. 
 and garlic (perhaps too much garlic. 
. 
. 
 I was burping that up for a few hours). 
  I added some sausage on there because I need my protein -- . 
 this was a simple yet VERY tasty pizza. 
  Their pies are sauce free and just dressed with olive oil -- tomato or pesto sauce are optional additions. 
  

Yum yum yum. 
  My own crispy rendition of the classical Margherita pizza. 



Pros: North county location (bc Blaze is in Irvine). 
 relatively affordable. 
 tastes kinda like Blaze

Cons: Is not Blaze. 
 is just missing that ineffable quality

I walked into Pieology with high hopes because my first custom pizza experience was at Blaze. 
 and I did not like Blaze. 
 I knew Pieology's reputation as king . 
 from the minute I walked in I was put off. 


I think their menu board is less user friendly than Blaze. 
 Blaze offers a lot of premade selections. 
 suggestions and you can build around those bases. 
 Pieology is far more. 
 build as you like and with the sheer number of toppings available. 
 you could end up making a terrible pizza. 


Everything is is hard to pinpoint. 
 its just all the subtle qualities in the service. 
 the details that doesn't really have as much character as Blaze . 
 mostly in the end. 
 the pizzas taste very similar. 
 I went back to Blaze after and found their taste slightly more in my preference. 
 without being able to describe what it is. 


Essentially I think the pizzas are technically the same quality. 
 and about the same price. 
 I think Blaze might be slightly cheaper . 
 its negligible. 
 For what ever the reason. 
 I just didn't find Pieology very satisfying. 
 . 
 I wasn't unhappy with my orders. 


I have only tried PizzaRev to compare. 
 . 
 Rev wins by far. 

We agreed the difference is kind of like a Lil Caesars Hot N Ready and a Papa Johns. 

Worlds difference in quality. 

Pieology has less sauces to choose from . 
 did use pesto when I asked them to. 
 as they have it as a topper at the end. 

They only have already boxed Caesar salads that they add chicken to. 
 . 
 did comply when I asked if I could put veggies on there instead of chicken. 

Rev. 
 again a big winner offering any of their veggies or meats on there. 

The selection of toppings is smaller and really just your average pizza toppings. 
 nothing marinated. 
 sautéed or flavored. 

It was still a very good pizza and better than most other places. 
 I was just missing the real wow this is amazing like I thought at Rev. 

The line was out the door . 
 moved fast. 
 maybe a 15 minute wait and by the time we paid. 
 there was seating and the food was ready. 

The reviews are right. 
 it is extremely loud in there. 
 so  much so that even my son was complaining about it and holding his ears closed. 

I'd rather pay the 50 cent more at Rev and get a real gourmet pizza. 
 . 
 Pieolody is also great. 
 love the idea of this. 
 so simple and so good. 



Pieology also offers 7 set options of different pizzas if you don't feel like picking the ingredients for your own. 
 They also sell salads (full and half orders) which are also fresh and crisp. 
 

The place is clean. 
 a bit crowded on the weekends and has a laid back and relax atmosphere to it. 
 Being that its near a college. 
 it is over flowing of college kids. 
 The workers are helpful as well. 
 especially if you look confused. 
 I probably had that crazy- excited-I- want-everything-cause-I-LOVE-pizza look when I walked in. 
 The girl that took my order explained how it worked and just smiled at me haha. 
 I love this place. 
 Affordable. 
 delicious. 
 custom made pizza that will leave you satisfied. 
 Recommended for any lunch or dinner when craving pizza. 
 You won't get this amazing taste out of any delivery pizzas out there and def not for less than $10. 



I assumed it would take a while to get our food . 
 we got it within like 10-12 minutes after ordering our food. 
 The price is also pretty decent for a whole pizza with unlimited toppings. 
. 
. 



with that being said
I did not enjoy pieology

i was super excited to try this place out
I mean build your own pizza?. 

what da heck. 
. 
 kewl. 
. 


my eyes popped out at the sight of all the toppings available
as I went from the sauce to the cheese and to all the other toppings my mouth watered and almost shed a tear as I was waiting for my pizza to cook

as soon as I took a bite of my pizza
it tasted like disappointment

the crust was hella thin and flavorless
(im guessing to cut the cook time . 
 still flavorless)

I don't know if it was the toppings that I picked or my unusual high hope for this place . 
 something just wasn't right

I don't know if I will ever go back


The pizza pie comes out really quick and extremely hot. 
 It's really fresh and the crust is really crispy. 
 It's really delicious. 
 I love how the cheese gets really stringy because it's so hot. 
 Aside from that. 
 the size of the pizza pie is pretty big. 
 well for me at least. 
 so I had to share mine. 
 Nonetheless. 
 it would be a waste to pass up this place. 




Okay. 
 now that I've gotten that out of my system. 
. 
. 
. 

We came here because we were dying for pizza . 
 didn't want to settle on one flavor profile. 
  Here you can build your own "personal" pizza for $7. 
95 with as many sauces. 
 cheeses. 
 veggies. 
 and meats as you want. 
  My fiancee chose one of their preselected pizzas (#3). 
 and he loved it. 
  I got mine with almost everything (marinara. 
 pesto. 
 mozzarella. 
 ricotta. 
 parmesan. 
 black olives. 
 onion. 
 bell pepper. 
 garlic. 
 artichokes. 
 meatball. 
 and pepperoni). 
. 
. 
 it was the start of the show. 
  I highly recommend it. 




There are so many options. 
 I can't recommend just one. 
  You can also get a gluten free crust for $1 more if you wish. 
  

I like it. 
 I mean. 
. 
. 
how do you mess up pizza?  Especially if it's covered with all the things that you love in the world. 



I'm always craving pizza and what's better than a place where you choose your own toppings. 
?  This place feels and looks a lot like Chipotle and not in a bad way. 
  Service is pretty good. 
 . 
 can be slow if you're behind someone in line who asks to pile on every single ingredient possible to their pizza. 
  There are lots of toppings to choose from ranging from tomato sauce. 
 pesto sauce. 
 lots of cheeses. 
 meats. 
 veggies. 
 pineapples. 
. 
. 
you name it. 
  Then they bake it in the oven and in a few minutes. 
 your order is ready. 
  All for under $10. 
  It's kind of a loud environment and seating is very limited so it's probably better for smaller groups. 


If you don't like thin crust pizza. 
 it might not be for you. 
 . 
 if you're curious and you like to try different toppings -- please check this place out. 



Short and simple: good quality. 
 great taste. 
 nice portion size. 
 and best of all. 
 decent price. 
 3 pizzas were less than $25. 



The pizza itself is thin crust. 
 there are 7-8 options you start off with by picking what you want as the base of your pizza. 
 then you pick from a dozen plus toppings. 
  There are no limit of the number of toppings you want on your pizza. 
 . 
 my friend kept it simple with like 4 toppings. 
 I can see myself going crazy and want a little bit of everything on mine. 
  

I went in pretty hungry. 
 spitted the pizza with a friend . 
 I still got pretty full from it. 
  Waited for about 10mins for the pizza on a Thursday night around 9pm. 
  If you got $8 to spend for dinner. 
 you can't really find better place than this. 


Cinnamon sugar strips. 


Delicious. 

The pizza is pretty good. 
 too. 
 

Seating can be an issue when it's busy. 
 . 
 that seems commonplace nowadays. 
 

Clean place. 
 friendly staff. 
 good food. 





First off - when you can have it your way. 
 it's always a good thing. 
 And here. 
 you can have it your way. 
 So. 
 unless the ingredients aren't fresh. 
 which they were - if you don't like the taste of the mix of toppings you put on. 
 it's your fault. 
 

It's inexpensive IMO and it's a simple concept. 
 One size - choose your toppings. 
 choose a drink and whether or not you want a ding dong - have a seat and wait for your name to be called - then eat. 
 

I had the #2 pizza. 
 a water and a ding dong - $10 and change. 
 

Thin crust . 
 not so thin it's like eating a cracker. 
 Sauce isn't overbearing and there's enough toppings so it's not just cheese and crust. 
 I enjoyed my pizza to where I finished the entire thing in one sitting. 
 The cooks tending the oven were on the ball - as it was a steady stream of customers yet my order didn't come out raw or burnt. 
 It was just right. 
 

I really like this place. 
 I'll be back. 



I love the decor inside the restaurant. 
 The acoustics inside make it very loud and noisy though. 
 I brought my friend who is in a wheelchair. 
 and it's not very spacious in here. 




You get in line. 
 use the nifty hand sanitizer they have available for patrons. 
 and when it's your turn. 
 the fun begins. 


You can choose one of their specials (predetermined ingredients = boring) or you can make your mind up on your own regarding the toppings. 
  Choose regular or gluten free crust. 
 doesn't matter which since both are deliciously thin. 


Then. 
 the crust will be spread with oil (melted . 
ter?) before they ask if you'd like red sauce on it. 
  Say yes. 
 it's way yummy. 
 nicely balanced. 
  The sauce is spread. 
 and they ask you if you want cheese on it. 
  Choices are great - they have delish mozzarella. 
 Gorgonzola. 
 Parmesan. 
 and ricotta. 
  You can have one. 
 none. 
 or all. 
 if you choose. 


You move on down. 
 and there's an array of meat toppings to choose from. 
  Pick one. 
 pick two. 
 pick five. 
 hell. 
 who cares?  It's YOUR pizza. 
  Then you can have them pile on a multitude of fresh veggies (or not) before they pop it into the super hot oven to bake. 


You then pay. 
 add a drink and. 
or Ding Dong if you like. 
 and wait for your name to be called. 
  The wait time is scant. 
 so I never even bother sitting till after I've got my creation in my hands. 


Piping hot. 
 self-created pizza. 
 great service. 
 cute decor (literally hundreds of quotes on the wall) and a nice. 
 clean place to eat . 
. 
 I'm in heaven. 
  Oh. 
 and if you ask. 
 they'll cut your pizza into 8 smaller wedges instead of the usual 4 :)

Definitely my go-to pizza place. 
 especially at about $10 for pizza and iced tea. 




Herb Butter. 
Parm. 
Mozzarella. 
Chicken. 
Pesto. 
Garlic - Pesto-liscious. 
  I am very picky about pesto. 
 and coming from a place like this. 
 I'm quite surprised that the pesto is above average. 
  Unsure if they make the pesto in-house. 
 however it has a very bright flavor profile. 
  

Herb Butter. 
Mozzarella. 
Ricotta. 
Mushroom. 
Sausage. 
Tomato. 
Garlic. 
Olive - YYYYESSSSS If only they had a white sauce like a bechamel. 
 this would be perfect. 
  Otherwise this combination was packed with good and well-rounded flavors. 


Herb Butter: Don't even dare skip this. 
  It really takes your pie to another level
Mozzarella: Tastes like whole milk mozs. 
  Melts evenly and strings nicely
Ricotta:  Surprisingly better than most of what you find in a grocery store
Sausage:  Pretty typical. 
  Really strong on the fennel though. 



OVERALL:  I love that the pizza is thin. 
 which results in an extra crispy crust. 
  I am a texture person and love a good CRUNCH. 
  I almost wish I had more crust. 
. 
. 


Like I always say. 
 YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF. 



One caveat: This place doesn't have the best acoustics. 
 It can get crowded. 
 and when it does. 
 it can make for a situation where you hear every conversation except your own. 
 Still. 
 everything else is really solid. 
 so it's a minor annoyance with all things considered. 





you really cant go wrong with this concept. 
 customized pizza. 
 all the toppings you can possibly want. 
 for a great low price?? my pizza was delicious. 
 the pesto topping i got on the side was a great dip. 
 thin and crispy. 
 and all my favorite toppings. 
 yumyum. 


It is a little loud. 
 long communal tables. 
 and employees yelling out customer names to locate their whereabouts for the delivery of the pizza. 
 And there are A LOT of people. 
 so its not the best location to meet an old friend. 
 or to get much talking done. 
 . 
 if you are with a big group and need a quick easy meal. 
 or you just need a quick easy yummy meal. 
 yup this is the place to go. 



Best idea ever. 
 INGENIOUS. 
 
My friend took me here. 
 and I was a bit unwilling because I had never heard of it before and thought it would take forever. 
  I usually hate pizza places because I hate waiting 20-30 min. 
 after I order for my food to come. 
  Pie ology is NOT LIKE THAT. 
 

Although the line appears long. 
 it moves pretty fast. 
 and honestly you will spend so much time discussing what you want that even when it is your turn to choose you will be flabbergasted. 
 

We split a pizza ($8) with tax. 
 we ordered t
1) typical mozarella && tomato sauce
 2)EXTRA sausage tee hee 
3) pepperoni
4) shrooms . 
) 
5) artichoke hearts ( on half)
6) bacon ( on half) 

so 2 minutes after we paid our pizza was ready. 
 how awesome is that? 
they basically put your pizza in the oven RIGHT after you choose the toppings. 
 and since it is thin crust it bakes super quickly. 
 

the taste is indescribable. 
 there are so many different flavor combinations you can choose and each one is delicious in its own ways. 
 and since i am asian and cheap next time i am going to experiment and add even more ingredients hehe since it is unlimited toppings. 
 

i wanna try the herb . 
ter sticks next time. 



They have a great selection of ingredients to choose from and they now have whole wheat crust (my personal choice). 


Only downside is that there can be a bit of a line if you go during rush hour lunch time. 
 Should be expected given that each pizza is hand made to the customers' preference. 
. 
. 
it's worth the wait. 
 

They also get bonus points from me for having THE most generous military discount of any restaurant I've been too. 
 :)



Dislikes: I had my dad try some and he said it was salty. 
  I GUESS it could be. 
. 
. 
. 
 I still love it


The best part is. 
 that the pizza is thin crust so  it was literally ready in less than 4 minutes. 
 you HAVE to ask for the pesto sauce on the side. 
 The cheese was oOey gOoey and the pesto added a creaminess to it that just hit all of my taste buds. 
. 


They also have friendly employees as well. 
 Very helpful for first timers and did not hesitate when we asked questions. 


I can't wait to go back. 



Personal pizzas are often too small. 
 . 
 this is definitely the biggest personal pizza I've ever seen. 
 I was full after 3 slices. 
 

The Chipotle. 
Subway style assembly is really brilliant. 
 How come this concept hasn't come to pizza before?

I got a pizza with red sauce. 
 extra mozzarella cheese. 
 mushrooms and red onions. 
 The char on the bottom of the pizza was great. 
 

If I had to make one suggestion. 
 I think the sauce could be more flavorful. 
 Next time I'll ask for more of it. 
 and more pepperoni. 
 

All in all. 
 a great dinner. 
 There will certainly be more check-ins to follow at Pieology. 



The pizza was great loved it . 
 an employee I think Richard was his name killed my experience and I will not return. 
  

As we were finishings our pies this employee reaches over me without warning puts his underarm in my face and his ass on my daughters shoulder to take an empty tray. 
  Wait it gets better. 
 Again this guy comes to wipe the table down while we were still sitting on it pushing crumbs on mine and my brothers leg. 
  Now I hate hate hate getting stuff on my clothes so you can imagine that I was close to losing my temper. 
 

I run customer service based businesses and I would be very upset if my employees treated my customers like that. 




I loved that since I requested the lady who made my pizza changed gloves. 
 made sure put clean vegetables from fresh supply and also the pizza oven handler made specifically special cleaning to make me feel better. 
 WOW. 
I am impressed. 
  The store is managed well and if I am writing this review on my busy day at work one can imagine how good it might get. 
. 
go on people go to pieology in Fullerton. 




You choose every step of the process: 
-Base Sauce
-Meats. 
Cheeses
-Toppings
-After Bakes

My most recent concoction consisted of: 
- Herb Butter Base
- Sausage. 
 Meatball. 
 Ham. 
 Mozzarella 
- Tomatoes. 
 Jalapenos. 
 Green Peppers. 
 Olives. 
 Peppercinis. 
 and Garlic 
- Pesto Sauce 

You really can't go wrong with making your own pizza. 
 just throw on whatever you like. 
 But if you're having trouble. 
 there is a nice list of pieology specialties ready to order. 



I was told by the bf that this is the Chipotle of pizzas and the moment I walked in. 
 I found out exactly why that is. 
 You can build your own pizza for $7. 
50+tax. 
 you definitely CAN'T beat that. 
 especially with the unlimited choices of topping. 


The way it works. 
 you pick your:
1. 
 crust (regular or gluten-free)
2. 
 sauce (red. 
tomato. 
 herb . 
ter. 
 . 
ter)
3. 
 cheese (mozzarella. 
 ricotta. 
 parmesan)
4. 
 meat (chicken. 
 meatball. 
 pepperoni. 
 sausage. 
 bacon. 
 ham)
5. 
 vegetables (cilantro. 
 mushroom. 
 bellpeppers. 
 artichoke. 
 tomato. 
 jalapenos. 
 pineapples. 
 garlic. 
 basil)

My creation:
Regular crust. 
 herb . 
ter. 
 mozzarella cheese. 
 sausage. 
 bacon. 
 cilantro. 
 mushroom. 
 artichoke. 
 garlic. 
 basil

I love that they don't judge you when you keep naming things to put on your pizza and that you can do half. 
half that way it's easier to share. 
 I would recommend sharing with another person unless you want to feel like a whale afterwards. 
 The bf got his half with tomato sauce. 
 sausage. 
 meatball. 
 chicken. 
 extra bellpeppers and jalapenos so we were both happy campers with our halves. 


It's definitely hard to do a dine-in for pizzas . 
 they definitely got it down so thumbs up for that. 
 Also. 
 they have the little tables area for little kids that are closer to the ground - super cute and comfy (from the look of it. 
 I didn't sit there. 
 of course. 
). 
 Oh. 
 and they accept credit cards. 


My tummy is extremely satisfied and so is my wallet (:


Great service. 
 great crust that is crispy on the outside . 
 chewy and soft on the inside. 
 I always get the garlic herb and the marinara sauce combined :) You can pick from pre-designed pizzas or make your own. 
 They'll even do 50. 
50 for you. 
 I tend to make my own Hawaiian or Supreme or BBQ Chicken style pizza. 
 The price is a flat $7. 
95 no matter how many toppings you add too. 
 They also have topping sauces you can add in like pesto. 
 etc. 


The salads aren't bad either. 
 and the cinnamon sugar dessert is so good. 
 . 
 so much for one person lol

It can get a bit loud inside the place if you're eating in because of the metal chairs. 
echo-ey environment. 
 Pizza and service is still amazing though :)


I'm giving 3 stars because of the atmosphere. 
 Even with the seating half full. 
 it was so loud you had to yell to hear the person sitting next to you or across the table. 
 On top of that. 
 the metal chairs when moved on the concrete floor made a screeching noise like nails on a chalkboard. 
. 
. 
  FYI. 
. 
. 
the bbq Ckn pizza comes with blue cheese or Gorgonzola which is not typical for that kind of pizza and half of our table didn't like it. 
 
Next time. 
 I will do take out because the pizza is excellent. 



Don't expect a quiet dinner here. 
 This place was very loud and full of screaming kids. 
 

This is like the Subway of pizza joints. 
 You stand in line and tell them what you'd like on your pizza and you get to watch them prepare it in front of you. 
 

While your pizza is cooking you seat yourself anywhere you'd like. 
 The problem was we couldn't find anywhere to sit that wasn't near loud kids and. 
or dirty. 


We finally did find a spot with only a few crumbs and old napkins on the table. 
 We wiped that mess onto the floor and made ourselves at home. 


We hoped that the taste of our pizza would be so divine that we'd overlook everything else. 
 Sadly this was not the case. 
 We found the thin pizza to be a bit undercooked and rather tasteless. 


If this is the type of pizza parlor you enjoy I'd recommend Chuck E Cheese's. 
 They even have games for the kids. 


One good note is that the staff was pleasant and friendly. 



I love this place - it's so innovative. 
 I don't know how they manage to allow customers unlimited toppings for $8. 
00 . 
 they've done it. 
 And the overall quality of the pizza hasn't been compromised. 
 It's an individual-sized. 
 thin crust pizza for anyone wondering. 
. 
. 
 

I top mine with: tomato sauce. 
 ricotta cheese. 
 artichoke. 
 onion. 
 mushroom. 
 cranberry. 
 fresh basil and pesto sauce. 
 It's meatless . 
 full of flavor. 
 I like sweet. 
 savory and pungent notes in my food so this creation really hits the spot. 
 

Definitely will be  frequenting this place since it's such a good deal. 
 The entire pizza can feed me twice =P


Customization is all the rage now and pieology scores high points for allowing us to create our own special pizza. 

It reminds me of chipotle with metal dining tables and chairs. 
 
Perhaps they're related somehow?
The line got long fast . 
 the workers here get you out of there fast. 

You go in. 
 pick your sauce. 
 dough. 
 and cheese then it gets passed onto the next worker to choose your toppings. 

Really cool and ingredients are fresh and you can see them in front of you. 

Then the next worker works the oven and your pizza gets baked. 

It's a thin crust style pizza and the worker will call your name to deliver the baked pizza to your table. 

As for the taste? What's better than to eat a creation filled with your favorite toppings? 
I took my left overs home and even the cold version was tasty. 



As stated by others. 
 this place is just like a Chipotle for pizza. 
 I thought it would take forever. 
 . 
 it is actually a really efficient system. 
 When I was done paying for my meal. 
 I went to get a soda. 
 and before I was done filling it up. 
 my pizza was ready. 


I liked my pizza. 
 It had really good flavor and the thin crust was really good. 
 It was also super cheap. 
 for $9 I got a good sized pizza and a drink. 
 I didn't care for the Herb Strips. 
 there was some flavor that I couldn't identify. 
 that I just didn't like. 
 

I would definitely come back here again when in the mood for some fast pizza. 



The place was packed . 
 I managed to find a seat. 
 The workers shout out your name so holler back when you hear your name or do what I did and wave to the worker. 


As soon as I took my first bite of the pizza I was blown away on how good it was. 
 The perfect thin crust crispy texture with the garlic herb . 
ter and the fresh ingredients made me savor each bite. 
 

I used the 10% off yelp deal when I checked into this place as long as I bought a drink so it was all good. 
 $7. 
50 for all the toppings you want is a pretty damn good deal. 


Restrooms were nice and clean. 
 Staff was friendly except the guy that was on the veggie station. 
 He didn't look too happy at all. 


Only bad thing is the parking since there's a buncha other places here. 
 Definitely worth coming here to try this awesome place. 



The menu offers some appealing suggestions. 
 . 
 in my opinion the whole point of coming here is to DIY -- that is. 
 to do it yourself. 


Once you place your order. 
 you are given a range of toppings from which to choose. 
 Unfortunately. 
 nothing too innovative or unique here. 
 The choices are pretty much what you might find at any pizza joint. 
 But there is something very empowering -- and certainly very American. 
 I'd say -- about being able to customize your food. 
 Maybe that's why places like Subway. 
 Yogurtland. 
 and Chipotle are so popular these days. 


For my pie. 
 I chose to go with bacon. 
 red onions. 
 tomatoes. 
 and basil on one half. 
 and pepperoni. 
 pineapple. 
 and jalapenos on the other. 
 It was fun. 
 It was liberating. 
 And the combinations were pretty darn tasty if I do say so myself. 


Having said that. 
 I thought the pizza. 
 as a whole. 
 was just OK. 
 The crust was nice and thin. 
 . 
 even though it was baked from scratch. 
 it kind of had a frozen pizza quality to it. 
 There was no blistering. 
 no char. 
 no chew. 
 Ultimately. 
 no big deal. 


But I think Pieology is a great concept. 
 In 5 years they will probably be as ubiquitous as Chipotle. 



Price:  Average cost per pizza is $7. 
50. 


Overall:  I think the pizza at pieology is decent. 



If you order the pesto pizza. 
 the pesto is added AFTER it's cooked so it's nice and fresh & full of flavor. 
 Yum. 


We also tried the cinnamon sticks which turned out to be a whole dessert pizza for only $2. 
 The same crispy. 
chewy. 
thin quality of the pizza in a cinnamon stick. 
 So so delicious. 
. 
. 
  I love it here. 



Realized i've been to a place similar (PizzaRev) and found out this was the original quick order pizza joint. 
 

We kept it light on the pizza and went with a vegi pizza and a half salad (which is awesome). 





I do have to say. 
 however. 
 that I wish they had an option for a thicker crust. 
 I also wish they had cherry coke. 
. 
. 
. 
 I had to settle for regular coke. 
 Lol. 
 

I definitely recommend piology. 
 You have to try it. 



$7. 
50 for a flat rate pizza. 
 with whatever you want. 
 Want 5 different meats on your pizza? Go for it. 
 Vegetarian pizza? You got it. 
 Whatever mood you're in. 
 Pieology will deliver. 
 Cinnamon strips are delicious as well - they use their pizza dough base. 
 add cinnamon sugar and frosting. 
 yummm. 



FOOD:
By Chipotle of pizza places. 
 i mean the ordering style. 
 You basically choose your own sauce. 
 cheese. 
 and toppings to place on a pre-made. 
 pre-cut THIN crust dough. 
 They then cook your pizza in a stone oven and 10 minutes later you have your own personal pizza. 
 Lots of combinations you can make. 
 The crust on the pizza came out perfect for me- nice crispy edges that aren't overly burnt. 
 
As a tip. 
 don't go too crazy and add too much toppings or else the center of the pizza gets soggy. 
 
Overall: 5. 
5

SERVICE:
The employees are nice. 
 although the line can get long because it's right next to CSUF. 
 The pizza comes out pretty fast for a on-the-fly order type system. 
 Self-service for most of everything else after you pay. 

Overall: 4. 
5

DECOR. 
AMBIANCE:
Chill. 
 casual atmosphere. 
 Great for friend. 
 family. 
 or for a quick bite. 
 The place is clean and neat. 
 Not much decor on the walls besides quotes about how great Pieology is haha. 

Overall 4. 
5



If you like thin crust pizza your way. 
 this is the place. 
 Endless combinations to create whatever you crave. 
 The parking lot sucks because all the spots are so tight and the line can get long. 
 But other than that. 
 the food is great and worth trying if you're craving pizza. 



I'm so happy to have finally tried this place. 


I seriously could not decide what to put on my pizza that I was stressed out. 
 lol. 
 . 
 luckily the pizza tastes good no matter what you put on it. 
  I literally put every ingredient on my pizza except chicken. 
 bbq sauce. 
 and pineapple. 
  My creating was a huge mess. 
 . 
 it was delicious. 
 Thank goodness. 


I love thin crust pizza. 
 so it was perfect for me. 
  The crust was so tasty. 
  When I came in I saw a girl order the crust by itself and it cracked me up so hard I even took a photo of it. 
 . 
 after trying it I understand why. 
  

The place was super packed and I thought I'd never get my food. 
 . 
 they are surprisingly quick which makes me a happy girl. 
  I finished only half the pizza. 
 so I think it's a good size to share for 2 girls. 
  

I really enjoyed reading all the quotes on the wall too. 
 very entertaining. 
 

Enjoy. 



So yea. 
 build-your-own pizza? Can't go wrong with that. 
 The crust is thin. 
 which is no problem in my book and the way you get it built is sort of like assembly style. 
 where each employee will add your various toppings onto your pizza. 
 You can pick different kinds of cheeses. 
 meats. 
 vegetables. 
 etc and it's all for only $7. 
50. 
 If you don't feel like building your own pizza from scratch. 
 you can order one of the pizzas they have off of the menu for $6. 
 They have some other items like desserts as well. 
 which I wasn't really paying attention to. 
 . 
 will have to check into next time. 
 Anyways. 
 with a drink. 
 my total came out to be a little under 10 bucks. 
 Pretty good deal if I do say so myself. 
 I definitely enjoyed my pizza. 
 It was too much to finish it all in one sitting (even though I was STARVING). 
 I only managed to finish half and took the rest home to eat the next day. 


The service was really good. 
 The workers were really helpful when I didn't know what kind of toppings I wanted. 
 And I didn't have to wait long for my pizza to come out of the oven either. 
 I am DEFINITELY going to be coming back to this place soon. 


http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
X_4ILa4wqmiw445WBUGBgg?select=5UE6F5Xg07GXhKKyR7-jOA

I know you could fill your pizza to the brim. 
 . 
 I'm traditional. 
  I like a pizza I could pick up with two hands and not have all the topping fall on my lap. 
  I really enjoyed the crust. 
  Echoing my friend Anita. 
 it was just the right thickness. 
  I don't like too much crust. 
  It takes away from the toppings. 
  I don't like too little crust. 
  I don't like pizza crackers. 


The inside is spacious. 
  There are a few tables with ridiculously short couches. 
  I'm guessing that's for all those lounging pizza eaters. 
  They also opened up the garage door while I was there. 
  It comes with a screen to keep those pesky flies out. 
  So far there is just this one super busy Pieology in Fullerton. 
 so I hope they franchise all over the OC. 



Their business model is outstanding and they have very reasonable prices. 
 
I could write a full fledged review on it . 
 won't waste your time. 
 So far at the date of my post this establishment is rated at 4 1. 
2 stars. 
 Whoever brought it down by that 1. 
2 point must not 'get it'. 

If you're a true foodie. 
. 
. 
 Go here. 
 It's WELL worth the commute and experience. 
 

Word of advice: It's busy here. 
 Very busy. 
  So if you want to have fun while waiting in the long line. 
 look across at KFC which is visible from the left-side window. 
  You can have a good laugh trying to figure out why nobody's in that restaurant. 



The meats already seemed like it was precooked. 
 so all they need to do is just pop it in the oven and it's out within 5-10 minutes. 
 Just so that the thin crust can be cooked. 
 melt the cheese. 
 and heat some of the veggies. 
meats. 


My favorite was the bbq chicken. 
  
If you get the pesto sauce. 
 makes your pizza a little oily~ . 
 up to you. 


If you get a lot of toppings (which I did. 
. 
 oops) you need a fork and knife. 
  The crust won't be able to handle the heaviness. 
 LOL

Btw. 
 it was really cold inside the restaurant during dinner time. 
 so make sure to bring a jacket. 
  Only downside is it made my pizza go cold really quick. 
. 
. 
 

All pizza lovers unite :)



4. 
5 Stars. 


Make your own finger stickin. 
 lickin good pizza: One Size. 
 Any and All Toppings. 
 Fresh Ingredients. 
 Made by Hand for $7. 
50. 
 This place has a doctorate in making pie. 
. 
Pizza Pie. 
 Chris D and Steven N. 
 "Thanks Bra. 
"  

I ordered two Pizzas:
1) "White" pizza with olive oil. 
 mozzarella and feta cheese. 
 pepper. 
 garlic. 
 fresh tomato and artichoke hearts. 
 Cheesy. 
 mouthwatering good. 


2) For the little one: meatball. 
 pepperoni. 
 sausage pizza with fresh tomato. 
 I also ordered their dessert pizza which was AOK. 
 Sweet cinnamon on dough covered in frosting. 


~5 Star Service: This place has "Sam the Man. 
"
The guy that helped me was super nice. 
 He was giving me free ding dongs and said the owners love ding dongs so they put them out on the silver platter. 
 His name is Sam. 
 Yup. 
 Sam the Man. 
 He reminded me of this actor from "Fast Times at Ridgemont High. 
" I hope the owners appreciate him. 
 He walked me through the steps. 
 It was his service that will make me come back. 
 Thanks Sam. 


~Location
The location is by Cal State Fullerton. 
 There are two Chapmans so don't get mixed up. 
 It is in the same plaza as Office Depot. 
  The interior is modern and actually kind of cool. 
 I would prefer eating here than taking out. 
 Easy Parking. 
 Baby. 


Pizzas were just my type. 
 I love fresh ingredients especially the fresh tomatoes and artichokes. 
 Can't get enough. 
 

Pieology. 
 where pizza is" finger sticken. 
 licken good. 
" Fullerton. 
. 
. 
another reason the OC is the best place to live. 



Pros: Cost. 
 taste. 
 atmosphere. 
 

Cons: Long lines. 
 some unhappy staff



its really really really good shit and its even better when theres no one around and no crazy bums starting trouble. 



I would say the location is kinda out of the way unless you are a CSUF student. 
 so its definitely not worth it to drive here unless you are less than 10 minutes away. 
 The service was good and the pizzas were done pretty quickly. 
 Crowd is mostly college students. 
 and you can probably expect a small line . 
 not  too long of a wait. 
 I wish they had an oreo pizza or ice cream pizza. 
 . 
 maybe that would sacrifice efficiency. 
 

Overall. 
 this place is pretty good. 
 Not as good as 800 degrees. 
 . 
 I'm a little biased since I'm a Bruin :)


And for as busy as they are. 
 they get you in and out in a decent amount of time. 
  

Been here numerous times and and they are consistent. 
  Ive tried a few different things on the preset menu and made my own creations. 
 . 
 i just keep going back to their BBQ Chicken. 
  The thin crust. 
 with chunks of chicken. 
 and topped with red onion and sweet. 
tangy BBQ sauce hits the spot. 
  

Not the greatest pizza ever. 
 . 
 its consistent. 
 quality. 
 and reliable. 
  Ill continue to patron this place over and over. 



As others mention you walk in and choose a pizza you want off the board. 
 You then add anything you want to it Chipotle style where you see the ingredients in front of you and the assembly line person custom makes your pizza. 
 

I had the #2 which is a meatball. 
 sausage. 
 and pepperoni pizza with mozzarella and pizza sauce. 
 I added blue cheese. 
 mushrooms. 
 and garlic at no extra charge. 
 I couldn't believe the mountain of toppings they put on top of the crust. 
 I don't know if they're being generous to gain word of mouth or what. 
. 
. 
 . 
 man. 
 so much food. 
 My friend also ordered the #2 . 
 added bell peppers. 
 jalapenos. 
 blue cheese. 
 and olives. 


These pizzas were done within minutes. 
 The bottom of the crust was nice and crispy and the toppings were cooked perfectly. 
 There were so many effen toppings on this thing I had to fold up the slice to eat it. 
 Very tasty. 
 I loved the blue cheese. 
 They didn't over kill it so you just got a nice blast of flavor once in awhile. 
 The meatball topping was ground up and tasted so good. 
 I could barely finish my pizza(. 
 did of course). 
 This could easily feed two people. 
 Even my friend suggested the idea we share one next time. 
 

The seating is a bit lame. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 I guess they're trying to be hip and cool. 
 Strange low to the ground couches. 
 stools bolted to the floor. 
 communal tables. 
 Not really my thing . 
 oh well. 
 the food kicked ass. 





You can put all you want of ingredients on your pizza. 
  The lady in front of me put everything. 
  Everything. 
  Not sure what that mess was going to taste like. 
  

You order as you come in. 
  At lunch time. 
 it is a zoo. 
  Wait in line. 
  Tell them what  you want. 
  Pay. 
  They bring the food to your table. 
 and pretty quickly. 
 as they have one of those super-hot ovens. 
  

This is not a place for date night. 
 as it is very casual. 
 . 
 it would be a good hang-out for a group. 
  Pretty high noise level. 
  

Big Complaint. 
 however: How is it possible to have a pizza place and not have beer?  It just seems wrong to me. 
  Maybe take-out is the only way to go. 


It's like a subway . 
 for pizza. 

A must try if you are in the area. 

It's really close to cal state fullerton. 
 About a 5 min walk. 





