

They're employees are always cheerful. 
 energetic. 
 and enthusiastic when creating. 
delivering the pizzas. 
 They always have patience when building your own pizza. 
 and have a smile on their face. 
 Smaller than the location in orange . 
 way more ambiance. 


The manager even gave me beer samples to try. 
 

Not as greasy as blaze pizza or thin as pieology. 
 Their flatbread is actually chewy yet crispy so it's the perfect pizza by far. 
 Highly recommend this place. 



The pizza crust was not crispy enough. 
 It almost felt like it needed more time in the oven. 


Tried the red sauce and it had almost no flavor. 
 It left much to be desired. 
 

All the other veggie toppings were pretty standard. 
 Oh and I asked for aged parmesan (listed topping) and the guy making the pizza said it's done at the end. 
. 
the girl at the end said oh it's on your table. 
 I wanted real shredded Parmesan not the powder stuff on my table. 
. 
. 
 

I'm wishing I would've stuck with pieology since this was my last night in town. 
 

The décor is nice and staff was friendly. 



joe bob says check it out. 
. 
. 
. 



I went to the pizza press the other night with my girlfriend because it looked good and people seemed to like it so why not. 
 We like blaze and pieology so we thought we give this place a try. 
 We get there and there's 3 people in front of us. 
 It's our turn and we're putting what we want on our pizza. 
 I ask if they had sauteed onions and the guy responds "yah they were at the beginning. 
 . 
 it's fine I'll put them on now. 
" Ok I guess. 
 I didn't know it was a pain to add them since it being our first time there and nobody was behind us. 
 Then guy has us pay and asks if we want drinks. 
 So I got my girlfriend and I two regular drinks. 
 He didn't give them to us. 
 He just walked away after we paid. 
 So we're like ok maybe we get our drinks when we get our pizza. 
 We had to ask another guy for the drinks because the other guy was talking to the girl working. 
 The pizza was great and I can make the ultimate pizza here . 
 that one guy made it a little weird on us. 
 We will go back . 
 definitely try to go when the guy isn't there. 
 That is what stopped me from giving them 5 stars. 



The once beloved newspaper gets a creative revival at The Pizza Press. 
 where the idea is that you publish your own pizza story on site. 
 While most will go that route. 
 the menu does feature preset variations in tri. 
e to well-known titles like "The Gazette. 
" "The Herald. 
" "The Times. 
" etc. 


I'm one to put a range of toppings on the crust (meats. 
 veggies. 
 sauces) and was persuaded by the "newsboys" to add their basil pesto dressing after my edition came hot off the press. 
 Remind me to stick to the basics next time. 


They do have SoCal craft beer options so it adds to the social element of your dine. 
 Our group had a nice chat together in a booth while eating our pies. 
 which. 
 by the way. 
 are brought out to you on branded pizza peels. 
 Nice touch. 
 3. 
75

The ingredients are fantastic. 
 not just the selection. 
 . 
 also the quality. 

Great crust and sauces. 
 such good flavors. 
 we were all blown away  just how good our pizza was. 

The salads are fresh and tasty as well. 
 prices are amazing. 

Service fantastic. 
 location nice. 
 clean and plenty of seating. 

Great addition to the area and cheap dining option. 


I ordered a pizza with spicy sauce. 
 mushrooms. 
 pepperoni. 
 bell peppers. 
 jalapeños. 
 mozzarella cheese. 
 and added Parmesan cheese on top. 
 It was bomb  the service was very friendly & employees were patient as well. 
 I will definitely come back with more friends. 



I will definitely be coming back here again. 



Nowadays there are so many Build-Your-Own Pizza restaurants that it's hard to tell the difference between all of them. 
  I would say the only way to tell them apart now are through their methods. 
 service. 
 and experience. 


Methods - You start off the same by choosing your base sauce and ingredients. 
  Once it's ready to cook. 
 Pizza Press places their pizza in a conveyor belt oven rather than the usual stone fire oven other pizza places offer. 
  Once it comes out from the other end. 
 you can add additional topping. 
sauce such as Cilantro. 
 Basil. 
 Arugula. 
 Pesto. 
 BBQ. 
 Sriracha. 
 Frank Hot Sauce. 
 Balsamic Vinegar. 
 and Chimmichurri. 
  (My favorite are Basil. 
Pesto). 
  

One thing I wish they had was Tabasco. 
  

Service - They workers were really nice. 
  They gave us a free drink for a Yelp check-in and would stop by our table to check up on us. 
  I noticed that they have a LARGE selection of draft beer. 
  If you enjoy drinking beer while eating pizza. 
 here is the place. 
  None of the other Build Your Own Pizza places have a draft IPA Selection like they do. 
  This is one service that puts them on top over Pieology. 
 Blaze. 
 & Pizza Rev. 


Experience -   I would come here again if I am ever in the area. 
  I would choose Pizza Press over the competition . 
 I would not go out of my way for this place. 
  I wish they had one closer to my house . 
 unfortunately the only one near my house is Blaze Pizza. 
. 
 LOL


The Garlic Cheesy Bread is basically like a cheese pizza. 
 There's a subtle taste of garlic. 
 . 
 as a garlic fanatic. 
 I think I'd like a stronger garlic flavor. 
 Maybe I'll ask for extra garlic next time - the service here seems fantastic so I don't think it'll be a problem. 


Their pizzas have a perfectly crisp and thin crust every time we've eaten here. 
 and yes they do hand roll the dough. 
 I personally like being able to pick up my thin crust pizza and having it stay in tact :) The toppings are good quality. 
 I typically think the chicken is too dry as a topping at most build-your-own pizza places. 
 . 
 I enjoyed the chicken at Pizza Press. 
 Try adding pesto when they ask you if you want to top your pizza with any sauce. 
 Love that the pizza is done minutes after paying at the cash register. 
 If you like thin crust pizza I don't think you can go wrong unless you don't choose wisely for your toppings haha. 



They have seven signature pizzas which are named after newspapers. 
 Most are priced around $8 - $11. 
 You can also make your own pizza. 
 Here they call it a "publish your own" which is around $8. 
 They have five different types of sauces. 
 10 different types of cheeses. 
 16 vegetable toppings. 
 and five meat toppings. 
 Aside from pizzas. 
 they do have salads (there's a publish your own option as well). 
 beverages (includes fountain drinks. 
 milk. 
 coffee. 
 beer. 
 and wine). 
 ice cream (scoop. 
 sandwich. 
 or float). 
 and other desserts (chocolate chip cookie or tiramisu). 
 

I had a "publish your own" pizza with pineapple. 
 The pizza was pretty good. 
 The crust was slightly burnt at the edges . 
 the rest of the pizza was soft and chewy. 
 The pizza wasn't greasy at all. 
 Each time I placed my hand the bottom of the pizza slice I didn't get grease all over. 
 Good portion of the pineapple. 
 The pineapple was fresh and sweet. 
 The mozzarella and the red sauce were good. 
 The ratio of the cheese. 
 toppings. 
 and red sauce were spot on. 
 

There's MUCH better ventilation here as opposed to the Anaheim location. 
 Here. 
 the air is well circulated throughout. 
 I just couldn't breathe at the other location with it being super hot and the smell of pizzas cooking every step of the way. 
 

The restaurant is an L shape. 
 It's spacious with quite a few tables. 
 Most of the seating consists of booths. 
 

The service was pretty good. 
 We were greeted immediately upon entry. 
 The servers were very friendly and always had a smile on their face. 
 The pizza was done within a few minutes. 


Overall. 
 pretty good pizza. 
 I feel that the pizza here is much better than Pieology. 
 Will be back for another visit. 


I ended up getting their build your own pizza. 
 It was seriously SO hard to hear the people behind the counter. 
 Their sneeze guard was really tall (and i'm 5'8") and the radio was too loud. 
 The lay out of the toppings seemed disorganized. 
 Some of the cheeses were with the vegetables and it just seemed odd. 
 
The crust itself was very bland. 
 They didn't offer any different kind . 
 one other than was just a gluten free version of the their standard dough. 
 
The price was about $9 for a build your own. 




Generally. 
 build your own pizza is really not my cup of tea. 
 I prefer CPK. 
 Bj's. 
 Round Tables or even Pizza Hut. 
 Well. 
 you get the point. 
 I basically like to just order from the menu rather than building my own. 
 Anyhow. 
 I was glad I stopped by The Pizza Press because it was yummy. 
 

The dough was pressed fresh and made to order. 
 The process was actually pretty clever. 
 You build your pizza and by the time you get to the cashier to pay. 
 your pizza is done. 
  The dough came out perfectly crunchy in addition to the perfect sauce and toppings. 
 

I also build my own salad. 
 it was ok. 
 can't say it was good. 
  Mainly because the dressings were not good. 
  They came on a package. 
 like Mc Donald's. 
 Dressings is what makes a salad. 
 so if you don't have great dressings. 
 the best you can get is an ok result. 
 But I was there to try their pizzas. 
 not the salads. 
 Therefore. 
 this rating is specifically for the pizza. 


The customer service was EXCEPTIONAL. 
  The guys were so helpful. 
 cordial. 
 accommodating and pleasant to deal with. 
  The price was also super inexpensive. 
 I believe it was only $8. 
00. 
 I will be back very soon. 


Tips: Great Parking availability and convenient. 
 Check in on Yelp to redeem a free soft drink. 
 

Customer Service: 5. 
5
Cleanliness: 5. 
5
Quality: 5. 
5 (for the pizza)
Quantity: 5. 
5
Price: 5. 
5
Atmosphere: 5. 
5


My first impression when I walked in was that the place was small. 
  The décor was lovely though. 
 deep brown leather booths. 
 and black and white paint. 
  The format of the restaurant leads me to think that it gets quite congested at peak hours. 
  When you walk in. 
 you're immediately greeted with the first station of the pizza building. 
  There's not much room for an actual line to form. 
  

Now. 
 let's break down the food. 
  First you choose your pizza crust. 
 I believe they have a regular crust and gluten free. 
  Next you pick your sauce. 
 I tried the pink sauce (which is basically a mixture between the red sauce and the alfredo sauce). 
  They also had a spicy red sauce and a couple others (that I. 
 unfortunately can't remember off the top of my head). 
  I was very pleased to see that they had several types of cheese to choose from. 
 on top the basic mozzarella. 
  I opted to add smoked gouda to my pizza. 
  There were also several types of meat:  pepperoni. 
 sausage. 
 Italian sweet sausage. 
 bacon. 
 chicken. 
  I went with a basic pepperoni pizza. 
 topped with red onions. 
 jalapenos. 
 spinach. 
 olives. 
 and aged parmesan. 
  The pizza came out fairly quickly. 
 and then you're met with several sauces that can be drizzled on the pizza:  BBQ sauce. 
 pesto. 
 ranch. 
 etc. 
 
 
I also loved that they had 10-15 beers on tap. 
  Don't forget to check in on yelp to receive a free fountain drink with your pizza as well. 
  

The pizza was good. 
 . 
 I've come to learn that the quality of these build your own pizza places are very subjective. 
  I liked the Pizza Press because the crust was thin and crispy. 
 and the pizza wasn't greasy. 
  I'd definitely come here again. 
 I enjoyed the food. 
 and the staff was nice. 
  I can see that this place probably gets pretty busy during the school year. 
 so beware of that. 



I published my own of course :)) including:

Olive oil spread as the base. 
 I liked this better than getting a traditional sauce actually. 

Mozzarella cheese (btw there are a LOT of cheese options. 
 you can get regular mozz or the balled ones). 

Mushrooms. 
 spinach. 
 sun dried tomatoes. 
 artichoke hearts. 
 zucchini & squash. 
 minced garlic for toppings. 
 I had to ask for more spinach because they only put little amounts. 
. 
. 

Basil leaves and basil pesto to garnish. 
 

The best part was the basil pesto. 
 could not recommend stronger. 
 It's very tasty and adds a delicious touch. 


Overall. 
 my pizza was really tasty . 
 had burnt spinach leaves and some sun dried tomatoes too. 
. 
 But still amazing. 
 Definitely better than blaze or pieology. 


SERVICE & PARKING . 
. 
 parking is easy. 
 the lot is pretty big. 
 We had a huge group and it still worked out. 
 Most of us sat outside and took some of Flame Broiler's seating. 


I had to wait extra for my pizza because they switched up my pizza with one of my friend's moms. 
. 
. 
 But it was a pretty quick process so I was fine with it. 
 Other than being a little scarce with my spinach and artichoke hearts (don't limit my spinach lol) service was good. 
 Especially because my mom spilled her drink all over the floor. 
 and they took care of it. 
 good one mom. 



Service: Great. 
 This was my first experience here so I told the pizza man straight up that I didn't know what I was doing. 
 He was super nice and gave me the low down on the UNLIMITED topping options for the "publish your own pizza" combo. 


Pizza: I like. 
 My pie came out crispy and yummers. 
 I must say. 
 I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between a pizza from here and Pieology though (don't hate me. 
 pizza enthusiasts). 
 I went a little crazy with my toppings: pink sauce. 
 minced garlic. 
 caramelized onions. 
 mozzarella. 
 parmesan. 
 artichoke. 
 shrooms. 
 olives. 
 bacon. 
 zucchini and squash. 
 My breath is probably kickin from all this garlic and onion . 
 its all good. 


Alcohol selection: I wish I got a chance to try something. 
 . 
 alcohol on the clock didn't seem like the best idea. 
 Definitely returning to give it a try though. 


Ambiance: The theme is super cute. 
 from the pizza assembly line to their fun booths to their trashcans. 
 Loving the spaciousness. 



I would've given 5 stars. 
 . 
 they burnt my sundried tomatoes the second time I went :( Nothing else was burnt though. 
 and the quality of the pizza was still great. 
 They also open pretty late. 
 which is another plus. 



The service here is great. 
 While throwing away garbage. 
 one of the workers (he looked like the owner) held open the garbage opener so it was easier to throw away the trash. 
 Little acts of kindness always make my day. 
 I also saw him checking in with people at their table to see if they needed anything. 
 

This place is located in small plaza with which which. 
 the habit. 
 and flame broiler. 
 There is also an abundance of parking spaces. 
 which is a plus. 



3 stars. 



They have a bunch of toppings: all sorts of cheese. 
 veggies. 
 meats. 
 sauce. 
 and dipping sauce at the end. 
 My personal favs are: white sauce. 
 pepperoni. 
 chicken. 
 mozz cheese. 
 tomato. 
 garlic. 
 spinach. 
 shrooms. 
 and ranch on the side . 
 They place your pizza in this oven. 
fire lookin thing and viola. 
 Your mouth-watering thin crust pizza creation is served. 
 

Cute theme just like their other locations: print press vintage-y feel. 
 Plenty of seats even for a small place. 
 It's smaller than the Orange branch . 
 bigger than the one in Anaheim. 
 Show you student ID for discounts if the offer is still going on. 
 Pizza Press never disappoints. 



I really liked it. 
 The crust was crispy and thin. 
 I still wouldn't give this 5 stars yet because of the service. 
 The cashier shouldn't be the one handling the money with one hand and taking out pizzas with the other hand at the same time. 
 This place also opens late and sells beer. 
 Must try. 
. 



Came here around 2pm today and only one customer in front of me. 
  But it still took me 20 mins to get my pizza. 
 

I ordered build your own pizza. 
  $8 
The toppings are better quality than Pieology. 
  The pepperoni tastes better here. 
  

I also got the garlic cheese bread. 
 It was very good too. 
  

I gave it 3 stars because they are very slow here. 
 The other thing I did not like was the cashier was same the person who cut your pizza and  packed it. 
  They should have someone who handle the money and not handle the food as well. 
  The cashier was wearing gloves . 
 he was doing both jobs with the same gloves. 



It's kind of interesting that this particular pizza place chose not to use a pizza oven. 
 just used a regular oven. 
. 
. 
 That being said. 
 the ingredients must be fabulous and they were impressive. 
 . 
 the dough on the pizza was so thin it became a cracker. 
. 
. 
 With cheese and toppings on it. 


Considering you only go to a particular pizza place for their crust. 
 not the pepperoni or cheese. 
 then I would have to say that this place. 
. 
. 
 Meh. 
 The marketing was really good in the store. 
 loved the ambiance and decor. 
 . 
 the food itself just wasn't doing it for me. 
 I'd recommend the two competitors over this one. 


But draft beer. 
 that's pretty awesome. 
 But no TVs. 
 Decide who you are. 
 Pizza Press. 



The theme resembles that of an old school printing press where pizza is served on paper that looks like newspaper and all the set combo pizzas are named after real life newspaper publishers. 
 

The pizza process is similar to places like Blaze or Pieology: pick a premade pizza or "publish your own. 
" Since it was the grand opening and they were giving away free pizzas. 
 I decided to get a little bit of everything on top. 
 
 
The pizza was really good. 
 I liked the crust here  because it came out golden brown and not overly charred like other places. 
 On a regular day. 
 the pizza will run you anywhere from $6-10 depending on what you get. 


 Customer service was very nice and attentive. 
 Their beer selection was over the top as well. 
 Nice list of craft beers to go well with your pizza. 
 I will definitely be coming back. 



I have to say. 
 if you like your crust crunchy. 
 they've got this pat down. 
 The crust is on the thinner side and even eating the day after being toasted. 
 it still has the crunchiness texture. 
 However. 
 the sauce and the cheese here were very skimpy. 
 I mean. 
 my pizza was really thirsty for more sauce and more cheese. 
 It was on the drier side because I don't load up on ingredients since I came with my kids who (like most kids) only gets cheese. 
 
They do have extra sauce at the end . 
 feel free to ask for one in those black containers. 
 

The other thing was. 
 the girl that was cutting the pizzas had a little bit of a shaky hand and was not fast enough. 
 One of my pizzas were cut kids style with about 12 pieces while my other pizzas were cut 6 pieces. 
 Strange. 
 . 
 part of the problem was because the place was so loud. 
 it's very difficult to talk by the cashier. 
 

Other than that. 
 I think this place would do great for the quick bite crowd for the CSU Fullerton crowd. 



Everything as far as the pizzas are concerned are the same as the other two restaurants except they have their signature pizzas that are named after newspapers in order to fit their theme. 
 

They sell beer and IPA that's seasonal or new and they let you sample it before you buy it which is convenient so that you don't end up with a full glass of something you don't like. 


They sell other things in their refrigerated section. 
 I tried their pasta salad and it was good. 
 . 
 tasted more creamy than I was expecting for a pasta salad. 



#72. 
100


All that being said about the food and beer. 
 my favorite  thing about this Pizza Press is the music they play. 
. 
 I don't know who is in charge of it. 
 or if its like this at all Pizza Press locations. 
 . 
 it's seriously the best. 
 most chill music to eat your pizza to. 
 If you like the atmospheric. 
dreamy. 
chill kind of electronic music (like Odesza. 
 Big Wild. 
 Flume. 
 etc) you should dine-in :)

1. 
 Pizza Press
2. 
 Blaze
3. 
 Pieology

Something about this chain. 
. 
. 
 I don't know if it is the ingredients or staff or both. 
 . 
 it is consistently delicious regardless of location. 
 The pizza comes out crispy and they have plenty of sauces to choose from such as. 
 bbq. 
 ranch. 
 pesto. 
 sriracha. 
 and more as a last minute final touch. 
  

Also. 
 they have a wide selection of beer on tap. 


Overall:
Recommend. 
 Give it a try. 
 you won't regret it. 




xo
Naomi


After a few visits I figured out the perfect pizza for myself. 
 I experimented with all sorts of toppings until I found that killer combo that suits me. 
 At first the options were intimidating . 
 soon enough I ventured out into trying out some not so traditional combinations. 
 Thank god I did because it enhanced the experience overall. 


The Fullerton location was a god send since I live in Brea and I couldn't often make it to the one by Disney. 
 Instead I had to settle for Pieology which I will say is good . 
 not on the level of Pizza Press. 
 PP is top tier pizza and to top it off they have a killer selection of wonderful exotic beers from all around. 
 which are constantly on rotation. 
 

I didn't think it was possible . 
 this location has managed to Mimic the killer service and quality offered at the original. 
 I'm actually a vegetarian as of the recent few months and this place still delivers with an unrivaled high quality cheeses and veggies. 


This is by far one of the best pizzas I've had in my life and I've done a bit of traveling. 
 I can say with confidence that this is most likely the best pizza in Orange County. 
 perhaps even the whole state. 


Only thing they don't have which I wish they would offer is a wheat based pizza just for those watching who are dieting. 
 Top notch pizza and it's open till midnight on the weekends. 
 I dare you to find another place this late that rivals them in quality and freshness. 



The pizza is always perfection. 
 I love fresh basil on mine. 
 

We noticed that the pricing here is slightly lower than the location across from Disneyland. 
 That was a pleasant surprise. 
 It also has more seating available. 


ESSENTIAL TIPS & EXECUTIVE SUMMARY:
--------------------------------------------------
# You'll find The Pizza Press inside University Plaza and next door to The Habit. 
 Flamebroiler. 
 and Which Wich. 
 

# The rating is close to 5 stars only because it's only week after the grand opening and as usual. 
 family. 
 friends. 
 and fans skew the stars in the beginning. 
 

# The lines are long during lunch time because they're really new. 
 I'd advise to call in and go straight to the cash register after elbowing your way through the people blocking the door. 
 

# Craft beer game here is strong. 
 I posted pictures of the most recent draft list and I always appreciate a place that offers good beer to complement pizza. 
 the most beer-friendly and stereotypical food item. 
 Gotta get that beer belly on. 
 bro. 


# Another fast casual pizza place. 
. 
. 
I know. 
 In our area. 
 the familiar names in this category are Pieology and Blaze Pizza. 
 They're in the same price bracket and deliver a similar product. 
 While you would think Pizza Press would hold up to the competitors. 
 unfortunately it does not. 


# The pizza here makes for a decent lunch. 
 . 
 I'd seek out a different fast casual pizza place if I had other choices (which I do). 
 The pizza prices are fair and range from $6-9 before tax. 
 Each personal pizza is a good size that's plenty for lunch. 
 You may want to restrict yourself to eating half of your pie so you don't eat 1000 calories haha

# What's wrong with the pizza? I got The Herald after reading up on the ingredient list and upon first glance. 
 it looked tasty. 
 I took several bites and felt neutral. 
 neither good or bad. 
 There wasn't much flavor from white sauce or the grilled chicken breast so the pizza was rather plain. 
 

The worst part of the pizza was the crust. 
 It had a chewy flexible crust that was bread-like rather than crispy like you get in thin-crust pizzas. 
 Actually. 
 it's not crispy at all. 
 I was able to skin the pizza alive by ripping the bottom part of the crust off (picture provided). 
 Unless the crust is fulfilling. 
 I'm not going to eat most of it. 
 I'm going to save half of the calories per slice by ripping off the rubber-like bread at the bottom. 
 

The crust really reminded me of the first slice on a loaf of bread. 
 Yes the one that's completely brown on one side. 
 Remember how everyone avoided that slice and went for the regular white slices? It's like the Pizza Press is putting toppings on a thin version of that first. 
 brown slice. 
 And that slice happens to embody similar characteristics to what I described. 
. 
. 
chewy. 
 dry. 
 and rubbery with hints of brown toasting. 


--------------------------------------------------
MY EXPERIENCE: 
--------------------------------------------------
I talked enough and illustrated all of my points so I'll be silent in this section. 


$9 Pizza. 
 Unlimited Toppings
$4. 
50 Tiramisu

Better than Pieology because you don't have to ask for extra crust cooking time. 
 Their ingredients are always looking freshest and the staff are pretty baller. 
 Pretty flavorful. 
 this and the unlimited topping pizza place at Bella Terra are my two favorites when it comes to this style of being served. 


Don't get the tiramisu. 
 Nothing special about it. 
 except the glass cup it comes in. 
 Very strange. 
 seriously. 


Punny interior decor and super friendly workers make Pizza Press one of my top choices. 
 A wider variety of options (both food and drank) make it a little more desirable than its bajillion competitors. 
 
Located extremely conveniently for CSUF students. 
 Would definitely recommend if you have a gap in between classes and are deciding on a meal. 
 If I lived in the area I'd choose Pizza Press over Pieology anyday. 



Also. 
 this location is so much better than the one across the street from Disneyland. 
 IMO. 



GOOD
Very good pizza for a place that is competing with several pizza chains in the area. 
 most notably Pieology. 
 Advantages include being the closest to the University (better than the on campus Roundtable) and unlimited toppings. 
 Nice beer tap selection that rotates often. 
 so if you wanted to. 
 you can come here for the beer alone. 
 Place closes at midnight which is nice for the college students who study late. 
 Servers are polite and are patient with you as you decide among the several toppings. 


BAD
There isn't much downside really to this place. 
 I guess the overwhelming amount of add-ons make you wonder about the quality of the ingredients. 
 There's a chance that ingredients may fall into other ingredient containers when they are piling stuff onto your pizza. 
 like most other serving stations do. 
 I am nit-picking though. 


I would recommend getting the pink sauce if you are horribly indecisive like me. 
 getting the best of both world in mixing the red and white sauce. 
 Have fun. 
 Be Safe. 
 Don't be racist. 


AND oh yeah. 
 the shift lead who also serves pizza likes to sing super loud. 
 Sometimes making up his own jingles while you create your order. 
 You've been warned. 




The food is still great. 
 zero problems with that. 


But last week the guy who took my pizza out of the oven tore off a good size piece of the edge of the pizza when he jammed the spatula thing underneath. 
 Clearly he missed because it took off part of pizza. 
. 
 As he was boxing it up I asked "what happened to my pizza?" And he said something like "oh. 
 the crust got baked into the oven blah blah blah. 
" Okay whatever. 
 . 
 I stood there and watched you assault my pizza. 
. 


So I take my pizza and head to the soda machine. 
 As Im there. 
 the guy who was behind me in line said to me "They definitely dont have it together tonight. 
" And I asked him what he meant by that. 
 And he replied "That guy broke your pizza and then gave you that bullshit thing about the oven. 
" THANK YOU STRANGER FOR ALSO WITNESSING WHAT HE DID TO MY PIZZA. 


Nonetheless. 
 I took my pizza home and ate it. 
 It was good. 
 just was missing about a 3" x 1" piece. 
 

I just wish that the guy wouldve been more upfront about it. 




Loved the ambience of the place. 
 cool fixtures. 
 and their early 1900's decor. 


Couple things that I disliked about the place: 

 - they use the conveyor belt oven. 
 the crust came out chewy . 
 had no significant crunch to it. 
 Other places use ceramic ovens and each pizza has its individual amount of time to be cooked. 
 So if you have a lot of toppings. 
 I might come out a little under cooked. 
 
- it took a little bit longer for my pizza to come out . 
 luckily it wasn't busy enough to affect the flow. 
 I can only imagine how long it would take if it was busy. 


For what it's worth. 
 it was a great experience and their FOH (front of house) staff was very friendly and accommodating. 
 Definitely would come back. 



Came in here with the girlfriend and we decided to build our own pizza. 
 I instantly regretted building our own pizza because the guy who was helping us (with spiky earrings) kept talking to every worker who passed by him. 
 He kept replying with a "what?" after we had requested our next topping one after the other. 
 It was soooo frustrating. 
. 
. 
 On top of that he kept talking about how "stress-free" his job is and he kept comparing it with his previous jobs. 
 Alright man. 
 we get it. 
 Its a chill job. 
 . 
 when there are only three customers in the entire store. 
 the least you could do is give them your full attention and cater to them. 
 

Food was pretty bomb though. 
 . 
 cant say it is better than pielogy. 
 I didnt see any difference. 





I picked one of the signature pizzas as a starting base which you can customize as well. 
 You can take away toppings you don't want and also add however many you want with NO EXTRA CHARGE. 
 It goes through the conveyer belt oven and when it comes out on the other side. 
 it is perfectly cooked. 
 The bread is thin. 
 . 
 also soft and you can add any sauce or put it on the side. 
 They even reminded me of the free drink I could get when I checked in on Yelp. 


All in all. 
 great experience and will definitely come back. 


Tips:
-if you want spinach on your pizza. 
 put in on first so it does not sit on the top and burn. 
 Great service points in which she told me this tip and put oil on top so mine wouldn't burn in the oven and it came out perfect. 





What makes this place so good is that it is so fresh and you can taste the quality. 
 I've been here 3 times now and each time the pizzas have been great. 
 

The customer service could use some improvement. 
 I came here once when it was pretty busy and the lady who made my pizza was very slow with the orders and disregarded the fact that the line was getting so long due to her working so slowly. 
 Another time I came here I was charged for 2 pizzas instead of 1. 
 The mistake was fixed and I was refunded the money . 
 could tell the guy was annoyed and sensed a bit of an attitude when I asked him kindly  to explain his mistake and to give me the right amount of change. 
 He made the whole thing confusing and then was annoyed when I wanted clarification. 
  Don't make a mistake and then get mad at the customer for wanting you to explain yourself. 
 
Other than that. 
 the food is great. 
 It isn't too cheap. 
 I'd say it's a bit on the pricey side for being a typical broke college student. 


I will be coming back regardless of the customer service being mediocre. 
 The pizza here is outstanding and that wins in my book. 
 Would've given 5 stars . 
 the customer service brought it down to 4. 



BEWARE OF THE ARUGULA. 
. 
. 
  The sorriest. 
 limpest. 
 most scraggly arugula I have ever seen. 
  800 Degrees executives would mock this ceaselessly. 


Other than that. 
 yum. 


Conveniently located across from the CSUF campus. 
 
The pizzas are nicely priced and absolutely delicious (if you know what you're putting in it. 
)
I also love the rotating selection of beer. 
 The staff are knowledgable about beer and will make you a good recommendation. 


Will return again. 
  And again. 




I had a make my own pizza which I had them add. 
 pepperoni. 
 bourbon bacon. 
 mozzarella cheese. 
 feta cheese. 
 green peppers. 
 green onions and basil and pesto dressing after it was done cooking. 
 I must say. 
 this is an amazing combination if you want to try what I had. 




CRUST - Winner: Pizza Press - Something about it just makes the pizza's taste profile better. 
  Pieology crust is pretty bland. 
. 
. 
. 
just a vehicle for the ingredients. 
  The crust at pizza press really stands out. 
  Crisp and fresh. 
  Although. 
 I don't believe Pizza Press has a wheat option. 


CHEESE - Winner: Pieology - I think the cheese at Pieology tastes better. 
  For starters. 
 Pizza Press was out of Gorgonzola. 
  I've never seen Pieology be out of any ingredient. 
  The worst part about Pizza Press cheese is that they use the weird tiny little mozzarella pieces. 
. 
. 
. 
reminds me of my elementary school's boxed cafeteria pizza that had half-melted cheese. 
  It's fine once melted. 
 . 
 looks like the opposite of appetizing when it's put on the pizza. 
  Pizza Press has goat cheese if you're into that sort of thing. 


MEAT: Winner: Pizza Press - The Italian Sausage is king of all meats. 
 Get it. 


VEGGIES: Pieology's veggies seem to taste more fresh (may be because of the way they're baked). 
. 
. 
. 
you'll have to try it out and see for yourself. 
  

CRAFT BEER & SODA: Pizza Press. 
  Where's the beer. 
 Pieology?  Pizza Press has a healthy selection of rotating beers from local and major craft breweries. 
  Some of it is really too expensive. 
 though. 
  They also have a fridge of bottled craft beer and soda when you first walk in

PORTION SIZE: Pieology hands-down. 
  I don't even have to ask them for anything extra. 
  If you get a lot of ingredients. 
 you will get a lot of food. 
 You have to really ask for more at Pizza Press. 


SERVICE: Pieology. 
  It's a well-oiled machine. 
  Pizza Press can take while  Less employees and the pizza is cooked while you're in line. 
  They've gotten better though. 
  Also. 
 Pieology once lost some of the ingredients of my pizza in the oven. 
 and they offered to remake it. 
  When I declined. 
 they gave me three free pizza coupons. 
  This was at the Irvine location. 


HOURS: Pizza Press is open til 12?  Hell yeah. 


AMBIANCE: Pizza Press - Nice and quiet outdoor area and relatively quieter indoor area. 
  I never like to eat at the Fullerton Pieology. 
  Pizza Press is the one to go to if you're with friends. 


DESERT: Do they sprinkle crack on Pieology's cinnamon sugar bread?  Pretty sure they do. 


OVERALL TASTE: Pizza Press. 
  Something about it is just so delicious. 
  Everything goes together really well. 
 and I don't feel like I'm in a food coma afterwards. 
  Overall less salty than pieology and definitely less greasy. 
  Pizza Press is the winner here in my book. 
 

OVERALL WINNER: Both. 
  There will be people who like one or the other. 
  Myself. 
 I enjoy both. 
  I end up going to Pizza Press more often simply because they're open later. 
  

Either way. 
 I'll be happy to be eating a delicious pizza. 



The thing with Pieology. 
 their pizza is a bit oily and the crust is burnt 98% of the time. 
 Same goes to Blaze . 
 a tad less. 


The place looks good. 
 Nice design and a comfortable environment for everyone. 


The Pizza Press utilizes a belt style cooking (In lack of proper words) which goes in through one end and perfectly cooked on the other. 


They do have their own pizza recipe . 
 allow customization as well. 


They have beer here. 
 I'm not a drinker. 
 so go drink on your own and find out. 
 People seemed to like it though. 


Overall. 
 I was very satisfied with the food with great customer service as well. 


I'll be visiting soon. 
. 
. 
 very SOON. 




The pizza was perfect. 
 My mom and I shared a pizza with half of her toppings and half of mine (chicken and spinach). 
 I can't finish a ton of food. 
 so I was glad that the pizza was thin crust and skinny. 
 I ate two slices and took the rest home. 
 I'll be coming back and trying the pesto topping that my mom had. 




My creation: Pink sauce. 
 garlic. 
 chicken. 
 bacon with veggies. 
 Pesto and Sriracha on half of each. 





Third open in Orange County and just as amazing as the other two locations. 


Small restaurant. 
 may have some long lines. 
 . 
 they're always speedy and it's perfect for CSUF students grabbing a bite between classes. 
. 





The concept is fairly new . 
 with a theme twist that gives it a unique ambiance. 
 The crust is golden light. 
 and they offer a great selection on toppings that can be simple and fast. 
 yet gives you the freedom to be creative. 

If you cannot decide. 
 try the Tribune. 
 or the Chronicle. 
 they are both flavorful. 

The restaurant has a clean. 
 modern and energetic feel. 
 and their customer service is superb. 

Worth checking out what the buzz is all about and getting a pizza hot off the press. 



I customized my own pizza. 
 For the base layer. 
 I got the spicy red sauce. 
 I don't think it was spicy at all. 
 He gave me a good amount of pepperoni and bacon. 
 I'm sad that he did not put a lot of artichokes or spinach. 
 I love their crust. 
 so crispy and delicious. 




Obviously not. 
 I would've just gone with my normal bread and normal mozzarella cheese pizza. 
 Usually you're supposed to tell the customer that and apologize for the charge too and waive it or something. 
 

Horrible menu. 
 Bad service. 
 Decent pizza. 
 

Not happy with my experience. 
 Will go to Pizza Studio or Pieology instead where their workers and menu are much clearer. 




I got chose a pizza off the signature menu "The Herald" I added bacon. 
 and topped it off with basil. 
 rosemary and olive oil. 
 It was delicious not too much sauce and was crust perfectly crispy. 
 I liked it way better then their competitor Pieology. 
 not to to mention their location is convenient for CSUF students like myself. 
 Extra plus they offer a CSUF student discount. 
 

They have a decent sized craft menu for those interested. 
 If I wasn't in the middle of classes I would have tried out one of their tasty craft beers. 
 They also offer some bottled root beers. 
 and water. 
 

Service was amazing I was asked by nearly everyone worker how I was doing. 
 and how my meal was. 
 They even have free ranch :)

Suggestions 
I see this place getting more popular and just to handle a larger crowd. 
 perhaps giving customers numbers coordinated with numbers on mini popsicles sticks on pizza. 
 This way seated customers can delivered their pizza's without confusion. 
 P. 
S they do deliver pizza to tables . 
 just a suggestion for an increase in traffic. 
  

Overall amazing will definitely be returning :))))







-besides the constant Titan deals you can get through out the month (:


I got the build you're own pizza. 
 Pepperoni sausage and bacon. 
 The taste was very good. 
 Crispy like the way I like it. 
 

What disappointed me was their limited meat selection. 
 They don't have hamburger beef. 
 meatballs or Salami. 
 Those have to be there to have a true meat lovers pizza. 
 This is where Pieology beats them on. 
 They have these meats there. 
 As well as Blazin Pizza  

Just about all the other ingredients they have. 
 

But how this place beats out Pieology and Blaze is is the cheese is put on better and tastes better. 
 The cheese isn't just thrown on like other places . 
 the cheese here is more compact and well places so it doesn't fall off. 
 

Plus their crust here is better than other places. 
 Their customer service and friendly service is also great as well. 
 Definitely very good pizza and will come back. 
 
Prices are also reasonable. 
 


Hopefully they get the other meats so I can have the full pizza I really like. 


I honestly prefer Pielogy. 
 I feel like Pizza Press is on the healthier side. 
 Not sure if it was just the person behind the counter who gave me only a bit of oil. 
 . 
 the pizza is too dry for my taste. 
 . 
 it still tastes good. 
 It's pizza. 



Best pizza ever. 
 Took less then 5 min to make and staff super friendly. 
 Amazing how great it tasted. 




Thanks Pizza Press. 


Tips
Get the publish your own ( which means you can customize your pizza and add whatever you want to it) I mean whatever you want so go to town on it. 
 Just don't over do it or else it might cook unevenly. 
 
Don't go during peak hours or else you might be waiting for a while. 
 12 to 3pm. 
 

Tips to business owner
As a business major. 
 if people ask for to go boxes when they are eating here and can't finish. 
 you should buy the white blank containers to save money. 
 I see you guys giving out a whole pizza box for just one or two slices. 
 This might save you guys a little money. 
 

You guys should offer CSUF discounts. 
 I don't know if you guys already do . 
 if you did I have been missing out. 
 

I don't if you guys have happy hour for alcohol . 
 please do so I can get hammered before going to class. 
 Just kidding. 


And just when we thought all hope was lost. 
 Coby pulled thru for my team and me. 
 
Keep it up pizza press. 
 Rip to our fav worker Emmy who transferred to a different job. 
 you are dearly missed. 



However- understaffed. 
 space too small and burnt pizza. 
 

Would definitely come again to give it another go. 




I fell in love at the Orange location. 
 have since made sure to enjoy my usual at the Anaheim location every time I go to Disneyland (which is quite often) and am now a frequenter of the Fullerton spot when I'm in the area. 
 Hands down my favorite pizza joint and they have the best craft beer too. 


Highly recommend. 



When compared to the others. 
 this was one of my top picks. 
 This is why:

I loved the theme. 
 The whole pun on "press" is clever and created a great ambiance. 
 The pizza as done in just a few minutes. 
 and came out just as good as if it was in longer (I was pretty surprised). 
 They had a great variety of toppings and sauces that I LOVED. 
 Overall. 
 it was a very satisfying experience. 


I'll be back. 



Now to the actual food. 
. 
. 
. 
honestly speaking my friend and I thought it was alright. 
 It was on the cheesier  side  which neither of us was really a fan of. 
 We got the Garlic Cheesy  Bread and The Chronicle Pizza. 
 The garlic cheesy bread was really cheeesy. 
 couldn't really taste anything else on it and the dipping sauce was ehh. 
 kinda fell short of what I was expecting. 
 The chronicle pizza was alright. 
 Not something that would bring us back. 
 It was mediocre. 
 I am giving it 3 stars because while we found it too be too cheesy and slightly flavorless. 
 it was horrible. 
 It's a good meal. 
 at a decent price. 
 But I think my friend and I will be sticking to pieology for now. 





Excellent selection of local craft beers that's always changing. 
 probably because the kegs are tapped out due to the awesome prices. 
. 
 As for the pizza. 
 from the dough to the toppings much better. 
 although I prefer pieology pepperonis. 
 . 
 the taste of this pizza was much better. 


I made my pizza and I'm calling it the "Fat Matt":

Roasted garlic cloves
White sauce. 
 spicy red sauce combo
Mozzarella balls. 
 and regular mozzarella 
Pepperoni. 
 bacon. 
 jalapeños 

Bake it and topped off with pesto


Honestly nothing special . 
 the ingredients that they used were fresh and just delicious. 
 I also like the printing press theme. 
 its cute and adds a different ambiance in a not-super-different-restaurant. 
 with not super different food. 
 

So I don't like my pizza overly saucy . 
 these gals kinda skimped on the sauces. 
 I asked for a bit extra on my pizza. 
 Bf did the same. 
 Good amount of cheese and toppings. 
 I liked that they weren't greasy at all. 
 Pretty cool little spot. 
 I'd definitely come here before some of the other "subway-pizza" places only because their craft beer list looked on point



I've read in a lot of the reviews about how great their customer service is and how they greet you right away. 
 I unfortunately did not get that. 
 It took them about 5 mins for them to even look in my general direction. 
 and when they did. 
 they kept talking to each other and going on about their day. 
 When someone finally came to help me. 
 I found it pretty difficult to order over the tall thick glass between us. 
 I tiptoed down the line shouting which ingredients I wanted. 
 

Which leads me to another thing. 
. 
. 
 I LOVE artichoke hearts. 
 I mean LOOOOVE. 
 so naturally I asked for extra artichoke hearts. 
. 
. 
 instead of making it rain artichokes. 
 he carefully peeled the already tiny bits of layers and slowly placed the even more tiny pieces on my pizza. 
 He asked if I wanted more to which I replied yes and bless his little artichoke heart. 
 he gave me a few more tiny ripped pieces. 
 AWESOME. 
 

I will never betray you again PIEOLOGY. 
 Please forgive me for I have sinned. 




We also ordered the garlic cheesy bread. 
 It was a hit with our party. 
 Our pizza press men were helpful and knew "their thing. 
" If you're a pizza fan of the Pieology and Blaze variety. 
 then you will love this place. 








First of all. 
 the guy preparing my food was only wearing gloves half the time. 
 I work with food for my job and I know how big of a no-no it is to not be wearing protective gloves when dealing with customers food. 
 

Two. 
 the workers there seemed more interested in talking to each other than providing my friend and I with the bare minimum attention required to prepare our pizza. 


Third. 
 I didn't care too much for the conveyer-belt like oven system. 
 I thought it resulted in a slightly burnt pizza. 


Overall the taste of the pizza wasn't terrible. 
 . 
 i really have no lingering feeling to return to this place. 




The ambiance is cool. 
  The spot is clean and the staff is on point. 
  Thanks Guy for your suggestion on the pizza and your friendly service. 
  

We will be back again. 



Yes. 
 its slower to get your pizza than Pieology. 
 . 
 I would say the pizza is better. 
 Yes. 
 they have craft beers. 
 4 out of 4 music graduate students approve of the food and the beer. 


But I really appreciate their customer service. 
 My pizza came out a little burned on the top - it was still edible. 
 . 
 some toppings might be a little crispier. 
 I didn't mention a thing since I'm not one to waste food. 
 The cashier looks at my pizza and asks if I was in a hurry and I said. 
 "no. 
" And they remade the whole pizza. 
 let me keep the one that was just a bit burnt on the top and I ate that one while I waited. 
 They brought out the fresh pizza - unburned - and I didn't pay a single thing. 


I appreciate the commitment to their product and I didn't have to mention a thing. 
 They fixed it on their own. 
 So bravo. 
 Pizza Press. 
 I'll definitely be coming back. 






When you walk in the door. 
 you are greeted with probably one of the most upscale environments that I have ever seen in a "fast casual" establishment. 
 Even with CSUF students running amock. 
 the floors are clean and the tables are well kept. 
 The workers. 
 making their pizzas behind a counter barricaded by glass. 
 are all super friendly and conversational -- especially Erin. 
 During your meal. 
 some of the workers will ask you how your pizza is and make sure that your experience is top fucking notch. 
 

The food is structured the same way as Pieology or Blaze. 
 . 
 don't even compare those two restaurants to the Pizza Press. 
 The pizzas here are better by a landslide and a half -- their toppings. 
 their crust. 
 and their sauces are all amazing. 
 From my previous dining experiences. 
 the crust is able to support a heavy amount of toppings without falling apart. 
 so do not hesitate to stack that bitch up. 
 

The Pizza Press is affordable for a place with such a hipster vibe -- $8 for a single pizza. 
 $9 for their vegan option. 
 The place also serves those craft beers that everyone keeps talking about and some cool sodas. 
 

It's a nice place to chill and get buzzed with a couple of friends. 
 This place deserves all the stars Yelp can give them. 



First off. 
 coming into the restaurant. 
 I wasnt greeted or anything . 
 half-a**ed asked "what can I get you?" No eye contact? Cool. 
. 


Through the process. 
 the lady helping said "what?. 
" To us quite rudely. 
 even when we kept raising our voices so she can hear us. 
 so like wtf man. 
. 
? Then at the cashier. 
 we asked for pesto sauce and the cashier looks around and was like "haha no sauce. 
 that's a bummer. 
" Lol what. 
. 
? Couldn't have said "oh we don't have any available as of right now. 
 sorry. 
" Like I think I would've liked that better. 
. 
. 
well I kinda don't even wanna eat anymore at this point. 
. 


The food: nicely baked. 
 I suppose. 
 everything was cooked through. 
 . 
 the portions are so small. 
 Like the saucing wasn't even there after being baked. 
 the pizza was quite dry. 
 The meats were like a pinch of sprinkles here and there. 
 and the veggies overflowed. 
. 
I mean I guess veggies are least expensive . 
 like uhhhhh. 
. 
. 
wtf. 
 Biting into the pizza. 
. 
god it was like drinking oil with a hint of dry dough. 
 Very disappointed as people hyped it up a lot. 


Probably won't be back. 
 I'll stick to other pizza places around Fullerton. 
brea. 




+ Their cheese selection. 
 Gorgonzola. 
 aged sharp cheddar. 
 smoked gouda. 
 chevre. 
 feta. 
 as well as all the ones you can get at Pieology. 
 This place is definitely not for the lactose intolerant. 
 unless you want to get the vegan cheese. 
 which they actually have too. 

+ Their sauce selection. 
 You can choose red sauce. 
 white sauce. 
 spicy red sauce. 
 or even PINK sauce for the base of your pizza. 
 then go ham and add anything from sriracha to frank's red hot to chimichurri sauce on top. 

+ Despite the aforementioned sauces. 
 my crust came out crispy and nothing was dripping or sliding off--something that's never happened to me at Pieology. 

+ Still serving cilantro & I love me lots of that. 

+ Lastly. 
 . 
 almost just as important--their pizza boards make for much cooler IG backdrops

One drawback for you hardcore carnivores. 
 their meat selection is more limited. 




 Thanks for making a great pizza. 



The white sauce on ur pizza is the best. 


And I order good combination of toppings 
Not coming back



We both decided to "publish our own pizzas" $8 for a good sized pizza and whatever toppings you want. 
 I got the spicy red sauce and olive oil. 
 with garlic. 
 sun dried tomatoes. 
 both kinds of mozzarella cheeses. 
 caramelized onions. 
 bacon. 
 chicken. 
 roasted red peppers. 
 red onions. 
 arugula. 
 cilantro. 
 basil. 
 pesto. 
 and chimichurri sauce. 
 I was a little ambitious with my toppings . 
 I was so impressed with their selection I just had to try it all. 
 It was so so so good. 
. 
. 
 I loved their crust light and fluffy . 
 still crispy at the edges. 
 My boyfriend was also very pleased. 
 He ate his entire pizza before I got through two pieces of mine and went back and ordered an order of cheesy bread. 
 The cheesy bread was basically another smaller pizza because they still let you customize it however you'd like. 
 

They have an AWESOME craft beer selection. 
 Many from local breweries. 
 which i think it a very nice touch. 
 They even had Bootleggers Golden Chaos. 
 one of my favorite beers . 
 I went with an IPA that the guy behind the register recommended to try something new. 
 Did not disappoint. 
 he also suggested a stout for my bf that he also loved. 
 

The staff was great and super accommodating to my over the top toppings on my pizza. 
 Next time I think i'll keep it a little more simple . 
 like I said I had to try it all. 
 The decor was cute and fit with the old time newsy theme of the shop. 
 They had a decent amount of seating . 
 Im sure if I were to go during school it will be packed. 
 as it should be. 
 Can't wait to come back and publish some more pies. 
 Thanks Pizza Press. 



The service was great and the workers were super sweet. 
 I love the interior design of this place too. 
 I do have to say that the servings aren't as big as Blaze Pizza. 
 . 
 this place definitely worth the try. 
 One of my favorite sauces is the pink sauce - a mix of their red and white sauce. 



After receiving my pizza. 
 I had to attend a meeting for about four and a half hours. 
 so I wasn't able to eat the pizza right away. 
  However. 
 after I finished my meeting and heated up my pizza. 
 I was amazed at how fresh the pizza still tasted. 
  Usually when you reheat pizza. 
 it ends up being rubbery and tasting stale. 
  However. 
 the pizza from the Pizza Press tasted like it was still fresh out of the oven. 
  You can really tell that they use fresh. 
 quality ingredients in their food which definitely stands out against places like Blaze Pizza and Pizza Studio. 











I don't remember how long it takes at pieology . 
 our pizza only took 3 to 4 min in the oven after we paid. 
 

Crust is light and thin. 
 Lots of sauce options: the pesto. 
 ranch and the chimichurri were good on the side (they have little sauce cups. 


Atmosphere more relaxed and none of the echo of everyone's conversations or loud scraping metal sounds from the chairs you get at pieology. 


Way better then Pieology or Blaze pizza. 
 You walk in the door and it feels like home. 
 The employees are friendly and fun. 
 
It's a great place for vegetarians or picky eaters because you can easily customize your pizza AND you're watching them do it. 
 They are more than accommodating. 

I would recommend this place to everyone. 



Anyway. 
 I finally paid a visit after long awaiting the opening of this pizzeria. 
 I'd read good things about the Anaheim location and was curious to try out the beers and compare the pizza to Pieology. 
 

I ordered the Herald and added spinach. 
 topped with chimichurri. 
 All of their bottled beer was $5 so I grabbed an 8% pumpkin ale. 
 (Great deal. 
) I really loved the crust. 
 I thought it was better than Pieology and allowed the flavors of the individual ingredients to shine through. 
 I liked that they press the dough right in front of you- the fresh oil they use to keep it from sticking to the press makes the crust crunchy in the oven. 
 It's a great texture. 
 The actual toppings didn't seem all that different from other similar places. 
 . 
 that's not a bad thing. 
 I like their option of white. 
 red. 
 or pink sauce and the post-oven sauces. 
 

My only complaint is that the employees didn't seem to have the recipes down and took a while to find someone over 21 to pour the bf's beer. 
 It is a new store though. 
 so I can't hold that against them. 
 They gave me a 15% discount for being a CSUF  student so dinner ended up being cheaper than Pieology. 
 Also. 
 they're open until midnight. 
 which is a good 2 hours after most other closeby restaurants close. 
 Solid 5 stars. 






Now the food. 
 I really wish that the main sauce was more bold and distinctive. 
 I can not taste the sauce like at all. 
 I ordered the "pink sauce" which is a mix of Alfredo and marina. 
 Honestly. 
 all i tasted was the cheese. 
 I had a lot of veggies toppings . 
 I didn't think it really made the pizza. 
 I also had fresh basil and basil pesto on top hoping it would make it better. 
 it didn't. 
 It was really light and didn't have that bold basil garlic flavor. 
 

I didn't see this place any different from other competitors. 
 It's about the same so if you're expecting it any different from others. 
 you are wrong. 



The service wasn't great- I got skipped in line. 
 because someone else behind me was apparently a VIP and deserved to be attended by the "publisher" first. 
. 
. 
. 
 Or maybe a just a couple of friends. 
 

Got to the register at around 1:20 due to the delay and talk about the season finale of The Bachelor between the "publisher" and the VIP

So my pizza came out of the oven and the publisher asks me if I'd like anything else on it. 
. 
 I get pesto and ranch and voila. 
 

It's time to pay:

-Cashier asks me if I want a beer
-I say "yeah give me your pomegranate cider"
-I get charged and leave a 20% tip on top of that
-total comes out to about $18


*BAM*
"We're actually out of pomegranate right now. 
 would you like to wait? I'll get some out right now or I can get you something else"

I said I'd wait since he offered to bring some out shortly

I sit down at my table with my buddy and my water cup and start to chow down on my Pizza

THE PIZZA:

It was pretty thin. 
 had some black crust on the outside (idk what changed. 
 . 
 this didn't happen before). 
 . 
 overall was pretty good- can't ask a lot from what is supposed to be a 5 minute pizza. 


My buddy and I both finished just after 2PM and still don't have Pomegranate Cider. 
. 


I go up to the guy to cancel it since I'm about to leave. 
 and he goes to the back room to get the new keg out. 
. 
 

I tell him I just want to cancel it. 
 and he does so and says sorry. 
. 
. 
 And that was the end of that. 


Overall: not a good experience




Thank you. 
. 
 Would go back in a heartbeat. 
. 



I have to say between the super friendly. 
fast customer service and the quality food. 
 you can't beat it. 
 

Highly recommend it especially if you're looking for something quick and GOOD in between classes
















Their pesto sauce is really good along with baked garlic




I like the ability to choose whatever I want and however I want. 
 I don't care what others say. 
 . 
 ranch dressing and bbq sauce should always be on pizza. 









Building my own pizza here with their fresh ingredients is your best option. 
 They top the pizza with adequate amounts of veggies and meats. 
 Always full and always satisfied. 









Pizza is just okay. 
 The concept is very similar to pieology. 
 pizzarev. 
 and blaze. 
 The pizza is $8 for premade and make your own. 

I tried the spicy red sauce was (as some other reviews said) very mediocre. 
 if anything. 
 The spice level was non existent and just tastes like a lot of salt. 
 I usually maximize my toppings at 3 on a pizza so I asked for LOTS of mushrooms. 
 I felt like they skimped a bit on the toppings. 
 That being said. 
 they have a lot more toppings and sauce options that other places don't have (corn. 
 rose sauce. 
 chimmichurri drizzle. 
 balsamic glaze. 
 etc). 
 All ingredients were very fresh. 

I also liked the oven which worked like a moving belt. 
 This ensures even cooking time for every pizza. 
 which other build your own pizza places struggle with. 
 
I would come back again. 
 . 
 I would definitely try the regular tomato sauce. 


















Overall. 
 the location itself is pretty identical to the one in Orange. 
 When it comes to the pizza. 
 I would have to give the edge to Orange. 
 I'm not sure if it was because I only went once. 
 . 
 they skimped on certain key ingredients (sauce. 
 cheese) and were overall very sluggish. 
 If you are a regular at Pieology. 
Blaze. 
 I would highly recommend you go to the Orange location if possible. 
 

In short. 
 what Pizza Press has an edge over Pieology. 
Blaze is better quality. 
 which is why it takes a bit longer at Pizza Press to get your pizza. 
 If you frequent Fullerton a lot. 
 and you're always on the go. 
 its definitely worth a try. 
































