

Still. 
 go-to 24 hour grub for CSUF students. 



I gave the fellow who was waiting on us my order and asked for the DELUXE sandwich. 
 He ignored me and continued  making the sandwich so I reminded him that I wanted the deluxe sandwich. 


When all ingredients were in place I asked for the Sweet Onion sauce and for a little on each half of the sandwich. 
 Again he ignored me and rolled up the sandwich. 
 I just dropped my request and figured it was a futile attempt. 


More training needed. 







Seriously. 
 I come to this location often. 
 And I've always had a pleasant enough experience. 
 But today my husband and I were there and the owner had a dog in the store. 
 He was working on the soda machine and then walked back and forth on the employee side of the ingredients all while carrying his little Pomeranian-type dog. 
 I'm pretty reasonable and don't complain over honest mistakes. 
. 
. 
 But this was completely intentional. 
 The owner obviously did not think there was anything wrong with having a dog all over the restaurant. 
 

Staff was great. 
 But the owner was a jerk. 
 yelling at them and demanding. 
 not asking them for things. 
 
 
I feel bad for the staff. 
 and I seriously hope that this owner learns to take food safety more seriously. 



However. 
 the service is ok. 
 

I had a young girl with brown. 
black hair make my sandwich. 
. 
. 
 I was beyond annoyed. 
. 
. 
 I would pick a topping. 
 and she would put such a little amount. 
 And ask "anything else" about 15 times. 
  ( put the right amount. 
 so you don't have to keep asking the same question)

It's an ok place. 



I love subway and I promote subway so much and I was extremely disappointed at my visit



Read the other reviews alot of them will mention the same thing. 
 I keep going here since its down the block from CSUF . 
 seriously the inconsistency made me stop going for well over a month. 
 On the upside the soda machine makes up for some of the lack of consistency. 



Polite staff - and they work quickly to move the line if there is one. 
 Aside from all of that - the greatest soda machine that ever lived lives here :) Those that know me know what a diet Coke junkie I am - it's my biggest vice. 
 But to see diet Coke. 
 and to be able to customize it any way I want is just awesome. 


On top of everything else. 
 they are open 24. 
7. 
 There's nothing like the 3am sammich run :)



This month is februANY. 
 I shouted that as we walked towards Subway and my friends thought I was crazy. 
 Any subway sandwich footlong is $5 . 
 their premium and supreme sandwiches are about a few dollars more ($6-$7). 
 During our trip. 
 we didn't have any trouble with the employees so that's always a good thing because customer service is the most important thing to me. 
 We did encounter a bum on the way in and out of the store though . 
 he wasn't any trouble to us. 
 

This particular subway is 24 hours. 
 Yay to late night studying. 



The location is pretty clean. 
 has a great fountain drink dispenser. 
 and all the toppings. 
chips. 
etc that customers need. 
 Aside from Josue. 
 the rest of the employees are pretty cool. 
 Quiet and not as talkative. 
 . 
 they keep the line moving and get the job done. 
 Due to its convenience. 
 good prices. 
 and decent service - Ill keep this location as my "go-to" subway. 



I'm still not a fan of the 101 flavor soda machine (every time I use it my soda always seems to have a lingering taste of whatever the person before me had). 
  Despite that I'll be back. 



Service is inconsistent here. 
. 
. 
 I feel like every time I come in (3x a week minimum) there's new staff. 
 I've been the only customer and it took 10 minutes AND have been 1 of 10 customers and it took 10 minutes - that's inconsistency at its finest. 


I've never had an issue with cleanliness or freshness although one guy has been consistently aloof and callous in making my sandwich. 
. 
. 
 not enough for me to write off the place though. 
 I'm just direct in what I want when dealing with him. 
 I'm usually friendly and polite to whoever's making my sandwich (they do have control of my food. 
) and will often strike up a conversation if they're not too busy. 
. 
. 
 I've had some very nice chats with some of the employees - very nice people. 
 

It's Subway - not much to write home about. 




Also all the veggies come out of plastic bags which makes me wonder is it really fresh? Yes Subway seems healthier then going to Mc Donalds of course. 
 Subway is quick. 
 and almost like fast food. 
 

The pricing though  seems quite high for me and I would rather pay a few more dollars to get something a lot better. 




The two employees that were working at the store this evening were NOT customer service oriented and really made the entire experience awkward. 
 Usually I get great customer service from this store. 
 I have been a customer of this location for many years and I appreciate that it is open 24 hours a day. 
 However. 
 the service I received this evening and the lack luster quality of the sandwich has left a negative experience on my mind. 
 I have not eaten at Subway for several months because the costs keep rising and the quality isn't improving. 


As of now. 
 I do not plan on EVER returning to this Subway location because I do not appreciate feeling like I am inconveniencing someone for doing their job. 
. 
  I just wanted to bring this situation to your attention so that you can provide proper training to your employees. 
 I have worked in the customer service and hospitality industry for 10 years and the service I received this evening really was horrendous. 
  Instead of being treated as "Ladies and Gentlemen serving Ladies and Gentlemen" I felt I was treated as a nuisance because I wanted BBQ sauce on my BBQ Oven Roasted Chicken Melt. 
 

I have already sent this complaint into Subway via their customer service form: http:. 
. 
www. 
subway. 
com. 
ContactUs. 
frmCustomerService. 
aspx. 
 I just want to warn other patrons to consider a different location before spending your hard earned money. 




This location is open 24 hours. 




Holy shit. 
 This thing is amazing. 
 You know how you always want Diet Mr Pibb. 
 or perhaps even Sprite Zero with a splash of peach. 
. 
. 
. 
 nothing is ever there to fulfill those cravings? Well. 
 enter crazy Coke machine of the future at Subway. 
 You can add flavors to just about anything. 
 and pick from about a bajillion drinks. 
. 
. 
and it all comes out of one fountain. 
 There's really no other way to put this. 
. 
. 
It's Fucking Amazing. 
 

Plus. 
 come on. 
. 
. 
this Subway is open 24 hours. 
 24 hours of Subway. 
 and crazy Coke drinks. 
 I'm sooo there. 
 Like everyday. 
 I'll be in my Delorean. 




The owner is so rude. 
 He'll yell at his employees in front of everyone. 
 He is also very sloppy & tight. 
 Putting the very minimum amount of lettuce & veggies possible. 
 he yells at other employees who put the normal amount. 
 He also slaps the ingrediens on like he's trying to lose customers. 



But back to my favorite chick. 
 she deserves sandwich artist of the year. 
 she was like the Van Gough of Veggie Delights. 
 

i do love the futuristic soda machine . 
 I am sure that touch screen has some serious bacteria on that shit. 
 

Wash your paws before you dig in and you should be good to go. 




1. 
) I saw a huge cockroach coming from the back. 
  I told one of the supervisors and she said "it must have come from outside. 
"  It did not come from outside. 


2. 
) I see one of the workers take off their gloves (turning it inside out in the process). 
 and put it on the counter. 
  He comes back and puts it back on (so now the inside has become the outside). 
  I kindly ask him to change gloves because he already used that one and he says "no I didn't. 
"  Um. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 yeah you did dipshit. 


3. 
) I got honey mustard sauce (my usual) on one of my sandwiches and it tasted extremely sour. 
  I come back to the cashier and tell her I think the honey mustard is expired and that it tastes very sour. 
  She says "that's how honey mustard is supposed to taste" with a look on her face like I'm an idiot. 
  We argue for an unnecessary 2 minutes until she made me a new one without the sauce. 
  

4. 
) My roommate and I order together and paid together to get the 2 for $10 deal. 
  We hand the cashier $5 in cash and a credit card. 
 and told him "put the rest on the card. 
"  He rings up the credit card and with a condescending attitude asks us "sir. 
 this doesn't make any sense. 
 why did you give me $5 cash and a credit card?"  We tell him we want to pay $5 in cash and the rest on the card. 
  He has a confused look on his face and starts getting angry. 
 repeating that it doesn't make any sense and how he is unable to do that. 
  After 60 seconds of this dumbass's bullshit. 
 we decided to let it go and leave. 



Again. 
 this all happened within the last month. 
  I have more horror stories from this place . 
 I'll just leave it at that. 
  My advice: don't come here ever. 
 Go to the one on yorba linda and kraemer. 
 they are much nicer and they don't have cockroaches. 


My sandwich was ok. 
 Subway is cool for actually having a veggie patty instead of just giving you some limp lettuce with vingegar and calling it a sammich. 
 Not a vegan anymore by a long shot. 
 . 
 their white bread is actually safe everywhere in the country. 
 Go subway. 

But did I mention I got cherry coke zero. 
 From the soda machine from the near future. 
 I would have hugged it if there wasn't a cute CSUF guy waiting to get his caffeine fix behind me. 



i come here religiously. 
 like every single day. 
 i like this subway because they give you 4 pieces of cheese on the veggie instead of 2 pieces. 
 i dont go to any other subway because of this. 
 every so often i'll get a new person or a person who transferred from another subway and i already know they aren't going to know what the hell theyre doing. 
 most of the time theyll give me two pieces. 
 ill tell them its supposed to be four. 
 theyll say no. 
 ill say ask someone else. 
 they will. 
 then the other more educated person will say "its 4 on the veggie"

WELL TONIIIIIGGGHHHTTT i did that. 
 . 
 he asked ANOTHER new guy and they both said "yeah its two pieces" and i said no it's not you guys need to ask someone whos not new. 
 and they wouldnt ask someone else and stuck by it and only gave me two pieces. 
 

i know i sound crazy. 
 . 
 its not the cheese. 
 its the fact that these morons think they're right and IM RIGHT. 
 goddddddddddd

i hope the owner realizes this and schools these morons on the cheese amount in a veggie sandwhich. 
. 
. 
. 
 AHHHHHHHHH



Anyway. 
 this place is amazing. 
  First off. 
 it's open 24hrs a day. 
 I know. 
 crazy right?  THey have the nicest people working there. 
 D. 
H. 
 must have a personality disorder or sssssomething (Serpantor hiss. 
)

The real star of this place is the soda machine. 
  A computerized soda machine serving up so many varieties of soda that I literally effing cried. 
  Peach Sprite anyone?  Did YOU know they made that?  Probably an experimental product sold to the people of the Appalachia region. 
 brought to Southern California for our betterment. 
  I'm not kidding. 
  I love the soda machine and the people and a sandwich at any hour my stomach desires. 
  4am?  No problem. 
 get some meatball sammich. 
 fatty. 
  2am?  Done with the other barflies and club kids. 
 no problem. 
 like an oasis or a good neighbor. 
 it's always there. 


Subway. 
 beating you in the face with a fresh meaty sandwich any time of the day or night. 




Cool soda machine though. 








The girl handling the bread and meat wasn't bad. 
 . 
 the guy working on the condiments only asked what veges I wanted - which I replied that I wanted everything . 
 pickles. 
 and before I knew it he threw on ranch without even asking me (I did not want ranch with my buffalo chicken sandwich). 
 and by the time I said I don't want ranch it was already on there so I was like ok I guess I can deal with ranch. 
 . 
 then he threw on oil and vinegar in one quick motion and I got pretty pissed cause I didn't want any of that. 
 and by the time I started protesting he was starting to FUCKING ADD SALT AND PEPPER on my sandwich. 
 If it wasn't for the fact that I was really hungry and there were a number of people still waiting in line I would have asked for a new sandwich or walked out. 
 and now that I'm typing this after eating 1. 
2 the sandwich I'm really regretting not doing so cause it tastes like shit with the salt. 
pepper. 
ranch. 
oil. 
vinegar on an already 2. 
500 mg of sodium sandwich. 





not to mention the face he made when i grabbed the change out of his hand. 
 was priceless. 
 he half-assed my sandwich (sloppy. 
 falling apart) . 
 in the end. 
 i can careless since he is playing the role of my girlfriend

