

So first thing first. 
 it's easy to get burnt out on Thai food. 
 I mean. 
 how often can you eat Pad Thai and not get bored of the same old thing? The thing is. 
 I'm ready to burn myself out on this Thai food. 
  

Pad Thai: solid. 
 One of my friends got chicken and the other beef. 
chicken and I heard no complaints. 
  I swiped a meatless bite and was impressed with their dish. 
  One commented that there were a lot of bean sprouts. 
 . 
 I like the bean sprouts m'self. 
 

Massaman curry: I ordered it medium and it was just the right amount of heat. 
  This dish was not overwhelmingly 'dairy' or creamy. 
 which I liked. 
  I think the tofu was fried. 
 which was ok. 
  I prefer steamed. 
  The brown rice I got with the curry was awesome because it was actually the dark brown rice with the nutty flavor instead of the kinda brown rice that most places have. 
  

Appetizer plate: it was a tempura veggie plate. 
 Not bad. 
 I appreciated their usage of mushrooms for tempura. 
  Everything had a slight 'sog' to it. 
  Perhaps eating it fresh at the restaurant would have been better. 
 

A solid Thai place. 



Fried rice: also no flavor and super greasy. 
 

Service was terrible today. 
 As I was waiting for our to-go order that was apparently sitting on the counter getting cold. 
 I watched the waitress snap at customers and almost run children over with the dirty dish cart. 
 Whoa. 



Pad Thai and fried rice was bland. 
 For the price. 
 the portions were small. 
 Wish I could write a more positive review. 



I usually order pad thai and fresh spring rolls. 
 Like I said hit or miss (50% chance you will get good food): 

You know it's a miss when the pad thai tastes like nothing . 
 oily noodles. 

You know it's a miss when the fresh spring rolls has no cilantro. 
basil. 
mint leaves. 
 and has barely any veggies. 
. 
. 
 and wrapped thickly with the rice paper. 



Hubby and I have been coming to this place on-and-off for a good 5 or 6 years. 
  We weren't in the area very much in the past. 
 . 
 that's now changed. 
  Whenever we have our thai food cravings. 
 we tend to go over here. 
 whether to dine in. 
 or to order online and pick up. 
  

Staff has always been good. 
  Never had any issues. 


Prices are okay. 
  Not cheap. 
 . 
 it won't break the bank. 
  Reasonable for the amount of food you get. 
 and for the quality of food. 


We've had a good amount of items on the menu. 
 from curry. 
 pad thais. 
 pad see ews. 
 summer rolls. 
 egg rolls. 
 chicken entrees. 
 fried rice. 
 etc. 
  I think our favorite items to get are the summer rolls. 
 any of the fried rice. 
 and any thick-noodle entree. 
  Every single one is pretty freakin' awesome :)

Now. 
 if you're worried about spice. 
 they have levels 1 to 10. 
 so you can get it pretty mild. 
  They have really good vegetarian dishes. 
 and I think they basically have a menu that is good for anyone and everyone. 
  

Parking's not too bad. 
  Good-size shopping center. 
 so you won't have much of an issue there. 




To start: the staff is awesome. 
 They are so kind and attentive and really know what's on the menu. 
 back and forth. 
 They're very good at recommendations so don't hesitate to ask. 
 My dad loves to try new things & always likes what he gets because of the server recommendations. 


Food: I personally don't like to try new things lol so I just stick to my favorites. 


1) Pineapple fried rice: it's amazing here. 
 I love that they sub tofu for me. 
 since I'm vegetarian. 
 The rice is really good because it's not overly sweet nor is it too yellow like other places make it. 
 It has the right amount of flavors. 

2) Pad Thai: Pad Thai is good and very big. 
 It's a good amount for me to take home and eat later. 
 It's not super sweet either like some other places. 
 . 
 if you want you can add more peanut sauce. 

3) cashew nut tofu- I got this once when I was trying to try something new and personally didn't like it that much. 
 LOL that's what I get for trying something new. 
 It tasted good with rice mixed in. 
 . 
 I'm going to stick to pineapple fried rice. 


It's located in a complex with a dollar tree. 
 Right down the street from CSUF which is so nice for the students there to get some authentic Thai food. 
 

I've been coming here for over 10 years and I definitely encourage everyone to try this place at least once. 
 I'll be back. 



After our water was dropped off. 
 waitress disappeared and never came back for our order. 
 
A different waitress came by. 
 only after we waved her down. 
 and took our order. 
 

Food:
Pineapple Chicken Curry- was VERY bland and watered down. 

Pad See Ew w Beef- was good. 

Rice 

The check was dropped off with our food. 
 
Total of $22. 
59. 
 
I feel like this was overpriced for mediocre and bland dishes. 


Customer service is good. 
 Sometimes it gets busy and it'd be hard to get a hold of the employees. 
 
Overall. 
 love love love the food. 


But the food is really overpriced considering how little the portion is. 
 Would not recommend


To sum up. 
 2 of the 4 items we ordered were just ok. 
 all of the items were a small portion for the price. 
 and the wait time to receive our order was unusually long. 


We ordered pad thai with pork. 
 chicken yellow curry with bamboo shoots. 
 beef with onion and green chile. 
 and mango with sticky rice for dessert. 
  

The pad thai with pork was just ok. 
  Tons of beans sprouts-the proportion of beans sprouts to noodles was 1:1. 
  And nothing special-it was missing diced green onion and cilantro. 
  

The yellow chicken curry with bamboo shoots was also just ok. 
  The dish should be called bamboo shoot curry with a bit of chicken because oddly enough there was 2 times more bamboo shoots than chicken. 
   Very little chicken in dish. 
  Plus the curry fell flat. 
  We asked for it to be prepared spicy-7 out of 10 spicy-and it was not spicy at all. 
. 
. 
in fact it was bland and sweet. 
  Disappointing. 


The dish we enjoyed the most was the beef with green chile and onion. 
  The beef was tender. 
 the green chile (or sliced jalapenos) were spicy and fresh. 
 and the onion was sauteed to perfection. 
  The sauce-a light oyster sauce with sauteed garlic and chile was excellent. 


Finally we had mango with sticky rice. 
  The dessert was excellent. 
  Again. 
 like all other dishes. 
 there was a mismatch between portion size and price. 


We were struck by the small portions of all dishes. 
  At $9 an entree we are used to eating about half the entree and taking the rest home. 
  We didnt eat more than usual. 
   The serving size was scarce. 
  

We noticed on our way out. 
 however. 
 that the entree portion sizes at other tables were easily double what we were served. 
. 
not sure why???  Was it because we were a group of 2. 
 and the tables we saw had 3-4 people?

I should also mention we ordered a hot tea. 
  The green jasmine tea tasted and smelled like soapy water. 
  At first I thought the cup may have had soapy remains from a dish wash . 
 I smelled the tea directly from the kettle and it had the same odd soapy smell. 
  I returned the tea and opted for water. 


Finally. 
 the wait time to receive our food was long-at least 40 minutes. 
  Not sure what the hold up was . 
 it certainly took a loooong time to receive our food. 


My overall tip--skip this restaurant. 
  Look for a restaurant with a better balance of authentic flavors and lower prices or more generous portions

Food: I ordered the veggie pad Thai. 
 It was a pretty small portion compared to other Thai restaurants I've gone to and taste-wise. 
 it was just okay. 
 Not good. 
 not bad. 
 just mediocre. 



Service:
- Good service. 
 She kept our water's refilled the entire night. 


Food (ranking): family style. 

1. 
 Chinese broccoli fried rice with shrimp
- My favorite dish for sure. 
 It had a ton of flavor. 
 . 
 was a tad bit oily. 
 Nonetheless. 
 I would order this again

2. 
 Catfish Curry
- Really tasty. 
 Not as soupy as most curries. 
 . 
 I did enjoy this dish. 
 Might have been the first time I've tried catfish to be honest haha

3. 
 Tofu pad kae mao
4. 
 Tom yum goong
- Both of these can go together because it was way too spicy for me to eat. 
 My friends like spicy food so we chose two non spicy and two spicy. 
 The couple bites I had did have good flavor. 
 . 
 I would rather not sweat when I eat. 


Overall:
I'll be back to try other dishes. 
 Cool spot. 




I don't have a lot of
Time during a hectic week to make dinner every day. 

So this place is a hunger savor. 



These three items on the menu are my favorite and I'm in love. 
 I can't even describe the taste of the soup. 
 It's just delicious. 
 It comes with shrimp. 
 fish. 
 scallops. 
 calamari and clams. 
 Oh dear sweet baby Jesus. 
 It's just lovely. 
 On a spice level. 
. 
. 
 I get it at a 6 and it's not hot at all. 
(Just to give an idea of the spiciness. 
) I still add some chili in there . 
 that's because I just need to have heat. 
 

All else is really good too. 
 Shrimp Spring Rolls are always an enjoyment. 
 :) Three per order and comes with that peanut sauce that I have come to love. 
 The Pad Thai has been really tasty too (PEANUTS IN THIS DISH) They do offer lunch specials . 
 I'll be honest and say I haven't been here for lunch. 
 

The service has always been good. 
 very friendly. 
 I have had to ask for items . 
 it doesn't bother me. 
 They do bring it right away. 
 My order took about fifteen minutes to get to our table on a Friday evening which I don't think was bad at all. 
 

Plenty of parking. 
 I do think your kids can take in food from other restaurants . 
 I'm not sure(I've seen families do it with my own two eyes). 
 I haven't tried . 
 if my kids ever go with me I just might try because of the food allergy situation my son has. 
 Some restaurant owners have issues with this. 
 

FOUR STARS. 
. 
. 
. 



Our server was a bitch for no reason even though we were nice. 
 And they brought out cold curry . 
. 
. 
. 
 That's never okay. 
 Never coming here again. 


For example the satay sauce is rather bland and the cuke salad. 
  as well. 
  The sauce in the fish with ginger and the calamari with basil were both packed with flavor. 
 However. 
 there were few veggies or herbs in the dish. 
 so much so that to mention basil in the name and put 1 leaf in left me disappointed. 
 The brown rice is great for a change (not sure what kind it really is. 
 red rice?). 
 If you're looking for a basic Thai restaurant that will leave you satisfied . 
 maybe not impressed. 
  Thai Basil does the job. 



Now that my work schedule is in order. 
 we'll be back more often again. 
  The price are also super decent. 
  They have the tastiest Orange Chicken any Asian restaurant has ever served. 
 Doesn't matter if it's Chinese. 
 Thai. 
 Japanese. 
 Korean. 
 etc. 
 Literally the BEST Orange Chicken of any Asian restaurant. 


Some of my other favorite dishes are:
Pad Se Ew. 
 Spicy noodles. 
 Well done Chicken Mint Leaves with added snow peas (must order this way to enjoy it best). 
 beef noodle soup with the large flat noodles (must mention flat noodle). 
 of course the Orange Chicken. 
 Pork Fried rice with Chinese brocollis and Beef Panang. 
  For appetizers. 
 they have the Best Fried Shrimps and vegetables. 
 For desserts. 
 their coconut ice cream with sticky rice. 


Tips: They can get pretty busy during lunch and dinner. 
 must be patience. 


Quality: 5. 
5
Quantity: 5. 
5
Price: 5. 
5
Cleanliness: 5. 
5
Customer Service: 5. 
5



PARKING
Plenty of parking in the lot. 
 Did not have a problem finding parking. 
 . 
 many spots are 30 minutes only. 


INTERIOR. 
 EXTERIOR
The decor is not very fancy. 
 The atmosphere felt very homey - relaxing with several people conversing quietly and many others eating alone. 
 There are tables when you walk in. 
 and several more booths toward the back. 
 Restroom nice and clean. 


FOOD
Silly to not get Pad Thai or Pad See Ew Noodles . 
 there will be a next time. 
 I got the Crispy Chow Mein which came in a pretty generous portion. 
 It came with vegetables (corn. 
 spinach. 
 carrot. 
 bamboo) and your choice of meat. 
 The beef was nice and tender. 
 The boyfriend tried the lunch special which we both weren't a fan of. 
 He got the Kung Pao Chicken with Rice and it came with a small bowl of potato soup. 
 a fried wonton. 
 and an egg roll. 
 We both loved the soup - feel warm and fuzzy inside. 
 The chicken was moist and tender . 
 lacking flavor. 


SERVICE
The workers are all very nice. 
 They check up on you every now and then. 
 refill your water. 
 ask if you need anything else. 
 I noticed many people that drop by for lunch are regulars - they were addressed by their name and sit at their usual table. 
 In a way. 
 it feels like welcoming an old friend. 
 and I really enjoy the comfort of that. 



I got the most basic meal. 
 Pad Thai. 
 It was okay. 
 I doused it in chili and it got 1000x better. 
 

The interior is well decorated. 
 Warm colors surround the rooms and cloth napkins. 
 You KNOW a place is classy if they have cloth napkins. 
 

Overall. 
 this place is where you would go if it was just there. 
 No need to make any extra effort to drive out there. 
 it's not worth it. 



Today service was lacking. 
 We were seated and then left with our menus for a good 10 to 15 minutes with no one coming to get our drink order. 
 Two other parties were sat after us and were served drinks and taken orders before we were. 
 I had to get up and say something to a waitress. 
 Once I told her something she was good . 
 I was irritated. 
 

The favorites are the fried rice which comes with a meat or combo of meats. 
 wonton soup with lots of delicious dumplings. 
 egg rolls. 
 fried wontons. 
 the soup served with the special and the Thai Tea. 
. 
 

I've noticed that when you order an entree that has meat and veggies you get 90% veggies and 10% meat. 
 This is something like broccoli beef or mushroom chicken. 
 etc. 
 flavor is alright and I like to have more meat than veggies. 
. 
 It's not enough meat for the mound of rice you get. 



returned the food and got my money back. 
 thankfully. 



Food is served HOT. 
 there never seems to be a wait time. 
 and service is delivered often and with a smile. 
 I've been here several times and haven't had a problem yet. 




I only have 2 complaints. 
 The rice was black rice not brown rice as they advertised on the menu. 
 And the waitress had no personality at all. 
 

Just so you know. 
 I used to have a company in Bangkok and my twins are half Thai. 
 so we know what real Thai food is and are used to excellent service. 


It's too bad because I would have given this place 5 stars if the waitress was nice. 
 It is a shame how Thai people change when they come to the U. 
S. 
  :-(



I think the food still tastes the same which is delicious. 


Prices have gone up about $1. 
 Which isnt that bad considering they dont often raise their prices. 
 As a measuring guide. 
 veggie pad thai costs like $9. 
61 or something now. 


Service is good . 
 they arent many veteran employees. 
 On Friday and Saturday nights they are busy and take out even has a long wait time. 


But overall a great little place. 





The first few times I've been. 
 I had really great service and then the last time I went the service was really bad (maybe it was because it was busy). 


The last time I came here it took about 15 minutes to be seated. 
 which is fine. 
 . 
 then it took about 30 minutes before someone asked if we wanted drinks while a party on the next table were seated about 5 minutes after us and they had their drinks and were able to order and get their food before we even got drinks. 
 

I personally love their Dinner Specials (Lemon Chicken) They give you so much and it definitely hits the spot. 
 

But overall I think it's worth the wait and would come back. 


Don't come. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 

Don't come. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 

Don't come. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 

Don't come. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 

Don't come. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 

Don't come. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 



I arrived at noon on a Monday and was immediately seated at a booth. 
 The restaurant was clean and attractive and quiet. 
 I was immediately asked for a beverage choice and handed a menu. 
 Within five minutes I ordered beef Panang from the dinner menu with sticky rice. 
 The owner told me that he could give me that choice as a lunch with two appetizers. 
 rice and soup or salad. 
 I chose to do this with the cucumber salad with a substitution of sticky rice for an additional amount. 
 The salad was generous with cubes of cucumber and pieces of red pepper and red onion in a delightful vinegary sauce. 
 The beef Panang was excellent . 
 very small in portion. 
 The appetizers were crispy and warm and delicious. 
 The sticky rice was absolutely perfect. 
 The tea was good . 
 again a very small serving. 
 however it was refilled 3 times. 
 
My waitress. 
 Aree. 
 was polite. 
 quick. 
 and attentive. 
 Overall. 
 it was a very good experience and one I will repeat. 
 My total lunch price was $11. 
93 without the tip. 
 My only recommendation would be anyone desiring a bigger food serving when ordering lunch buy from the dinner menu at that serving size and price. 

I was finished with lunch by 12:40 PM. 




The best Thai Restaurant is Thai Garden at Foothill Ranch. 
 
http:. 
. 
thaigardenoc. 
com


*cough cough. 
 they have lunch specials 

I would love to try a bit of everything. 
 . 
 I'm so basic I stick to pad thai :)


1. 
 Server was extremely rude to us despite our kindness 

2. 
 Server brought us our condiments and took it away for no reason without asking us 5 minutes later 

3. 
 Pad kee mao. 
 super bland. 
 2. 
5
 
4. 
 Panang curry. 
 it was horrendous. 
 0. 
87. 
5 

5. 
 Pad See Ew was solid. 
 3. 
5. 
5


On another note. 
. 
. 
try their Tom Yum soup. 
 I love all the mushrooms that they put in it. 




This review is inspired by a lady I witnessed today being very rude to the servers. 
 I peaked at the tab and she left very little tip while being so demanding. 
 not good. 
. 
 The servers here are very kind and patient. 
 they deserve the best. 
 
Anyways. 
 try the orange chicken. 
tofu and any of the noodle dishes. 
 to die for. 



Ordered the pad see ew and the spicy fried rice with level 5 spice and it had a bit of kick to it. 
  There were lots of vegetables in the fried rice dish which was great. 
  My favorite of the dishes I had ordered was the Tom Yum Goong Soup. 
  The flavor of lemongrass was just the right of hot and sour. 
  I'm a huge fan. 
  The Massaman curry was a bit strong in flavor. 
 they didn't include any extra rice for the dish to balance it out. 
  Overall. 
 I did enjoy the meal and will definitely come back for the soups. 



One time I tried to call in an order and they left me on hold on the phone for 45 minutes. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
lol. 
 So I just went to the shop and got an order. 
 They don't have the best customer service . 
 it's understandable when they're busy. 


Sometimes they kind of sound rude when they talk to you . 
 it's probably just their dialect. 
 Food is pretty good . 
 it could be cheaper. 
 Or you know. 
 add more food. 
. 
. 





The food is absolutely amazing. 
. 



Pro:

-Decent food and decent prices
-Large selection of menu items 

Con:

-Busy during prime hours(lunch mostly)
-Parking near the front of the store is packed. 
 you may have to park a little further out during prime hours

Overview:

All of the times I have eaten at this location was because I came here because of a good friend who loves this place. 
 I suppose I'll keep on coming back to this place so as long as my friend and her husband continues to enjoy this place as well. 


The shrimp is similar to the house lobster you'll order at a Chinese restaurant. 


Anyway nice place with an extensive menu. 
 They also have a daily lunch menu with a lot of choices. 
 
We ordered the spring rolls with vegges. 
 pad Thai with chicken. 
 pad see ew. 
 eggplant with tofu spicy #6 heat range. 
 brown rice. 
 and lemon chicken. 
 All were prepared with fresh ingredients. 
 
Service was friendly and attentive. 

We arrived at 11:30a and by noon all the tables were filled with several ppl were waiting for their to go orders. 

Lots of free parking in front lot. 

We will be back. 






This place is just an authentic Thai restaurant the foods amazing I always come here for the pad Thai or any of the noodle dishes and if I want it spicy hot. 
 They can make it so hot that I'd be needing endless cups of water. 
 
The plate can fill 1 hungry person and or 2 people who just want to casually eat. 
 The prices are reasonable for what your paying. 
 

Overall it's a good place for some real good Thai food



Why do I come here. 
 you ask? My husband prefers their curries to Thailandia. 
 I think their curries are pretty comparable. 
 Thai Basil can sometimes be creamier than Thailandia. 
 But hey- everyone has different taste. 
 I still remember one time they didn't cook the eggplant in my green curry. 
 I sent it back and I'm certain they microwaved it. 
 It was microwave lava hot. 
 Also did not taste so great. 
 So buyer beware - hit and miss. 


As far as ambiance goes this place has more charm than Thailandia. 
 . 
 be warned. 
 this place gets PACKED on weekends. 


Points for solid Thai food and ambiance. 
 minus points for inconsistency. 
 frustration. 
 and difficulty to get a seat. 




If service is a little faster and a little more friendly. 
 I would come even more often. 
 like every week instead of every 3 weeks :) 

Overall. 
 I still love the food. 


Ordered the chicken tom Kha. 
 my favorite Thai dish. 
 and it was by far the worst one I've ever had. 
 Couldn't eat it. 
. 
. 
 My fiancé ordered one as well and could not eat it either. 
 The pad Thai was not good either. 
 asked for spicy and was not spicy at all. 
 The soup was VERY VERY SOUR. 
 not like any m coconut soup I've ever had. 



The ambiance is nice and they definitely kept the place modern and clean. 
 So far we have been there twice and each time the place is packed. 


Servers are on it. 
 refilling drinks and pre-bussing tables. 
 Can't wait to try other menu items. 





The crying tiger. 
 the pad thai. 
 the omelette. 
 the curry. 
 and especially the yellow curry fried rice. 

One thing about this place. 
 the spicy level. 
 is really a spicy level. 

I usually get level 2 as it gets very hot sometimes. 



However. 
 I always order the pineapple and duck curry here. 
 level 1 spiciness (I'm a wimp). 


The rice is perfect. 
 They always make perfect. 
 white steamed jasmine rice. 
 This may seem like a very minute detail. 
 . 
 it bumped up my rating of them from 4 stars to 5 stars. 
 Rice matters. 
 It has perfect texture. 
 Perfect chewiness. 
 Perfectly grained. 
 I can't commend them enough for this. 


Together with the duck & pineapple. 
 it makes for a perfect lunch. 


Their Thai ice tea is also pretty good. 
 . 
 I like that wherever. 



I've had the Masaman curry on several occasions and I always love it (level 10 for the win). 
 I've also tried the basic Thai dishes like Pad See Ew and Pad Thai and both have always been good. 
 This place is really busy during dinner and unfortunately it's around that time that service starts to slack a little. 
 

There's a nice variety of drinks such as Thai tea or Thai iced coffee (highly recommended by the way) and several import and domestic beers. 
 

In short - good food. 
 fair prices. 
 busy dinners. 
 BE PREPARED TO WAIT. 
 Sometimes we were forgotten and couldn't even get a glass of water. 
 Whether or not the long wait is worth it is up to you. 



I have been here at least 5 times this year. 
 Good Stuff. 
 
I'm impressed with how good the service is considering how busy this place gets around dinner. 



When they ask you how spicy. 
 you really have to choose wisely because their spices are actually spicy. 
. 
 There is never really a wait even though it is fairly popular. 
 I love this place. 
 definitely one of my favorite places to eat in the OC. 
 :)





That being said. 
. 
. 


I recommend the Massaman curry (if the idea of a peanut curry entices you) It's AWESOME. 
 We were recommended it by the sweet lady server with the bob and glasses. 
 she even took the time to explain the story of the Emperor who's recipe the dish is based on. 


I also recommend the orange tofu if you are vegetarian or vegan (it's to die for. 
. 
) I'm not kidding. 
 once you try it your life will never be the same. 
. 
. 
 I've become a regular because of this dang tofu. 
 Like a three times a week regular. 
 it's THAT good. 


The final dish I can't live without on a regular basis is the spicy pad kee maow (probably spelled wrong . 
 you can sound it out proper lol). 
 It's so tasty. 
. 
 I typically go with a spice level of 6. 
 

All in all. 
 I am thankful to have a place such as Thai Basil so close to my home. 
 it's one of my favorite spots. 
. 
 Also. 
 their pick up and online service is amazing too :)












The service is good. 
 I like that they actually have a number of Thai servers unlike some places. 
 On top of that they travel back and fourth from time to time. 
 The service is definitely a big reason on why this place is as good as it is IMHO. 
 

Pro Tip: DO NOT SIT at the first four person table just past the counter inside of the doorway. 
 The AC blows down directly on it and that AC is powerful. 
 

The grub has some things that are quite tasty and some things that are bland. 
 This is not talking about spicy. 
 its talking about flavor. 
 So please keep that in mind. 
 For example. 
 the soup and eggroll with the lunch menu have almost no taste at all whereas the fried wonton was totally average. 
 The pad see ew however had a good amount of taste. 
 The garlic and pepper chicken is slightly different than I am used to. 
 it was like one of the spices that they use for flavoring is different here. 
 The massaman curry is pretty good. 
  Perhaps its different every time. 
 I am not sure. 
 Maybe its a chef. 
 However. 
 things just seem a bit inconsistent here. 


Overall its a decent meal at a decent price with a decent  menu. 
 However. 
 its either hit and miss or its set up where some things are much better than others. 
 I have absolutely no idea which is which. 
  To use the overplayed phrase. 
 it is what it is. 
 Its worth a stop. 
 . 
 its kinda like playing craps or roulette. 
 who knows what you will end up with. 


The service is quick and the place is very clean. 
 They are open everyday. 
 And
Best of all the prices are very good . 




On top of that. 
 the prices are outrageous for Thai food ($9 for most meals plus $2 for a small cup of rice?. 
?. 
. 
. 
). 
 the plaza this restaurant is located in is super ghetto. 
 the restaurant itself is dirty (there were onions on our table when we first sat down and the plates were dirty). 
 and WORST OF ALL. 
. 
. 
 the customer service is HORRIBLE. 
 I was injured when I came here and the waitress had the nerve to demandingly ask my husband what was wrong with me. 
 since I was limping. 
 Hmmmm. 
 I should ask the same about her and about this whole restaurant. 
 This same waitress also rolled her eyes and scoffed at us when we weren't ready to order our entrees yet. 
 after my husband had already ordered an appetizer. 
 Umm. 
 okay?. 
?. 
. 
 Seriously some of the RUDEST service I've ever been subjected to. 
 . 
 I won't allow history to repeat itself. 
 Mark my words. 
. 
. 
 I will NOT be returning EVER. 
 This place is officially on my Yelp banned list - run away. 


I have to say I am very disappointed by the salmon-to-rice ratio. 
 I got like 3. 
4 rice and 1. 
4 of a salmon filet 

The salmon was overcooked and drenched in a unpalatable sauce 

I paid ~$18 for this. 
. 
. 
 however. 
 my roommate says that they offer a lot of other good. 
 reasonably priced options so maybe I will go back and give a follow-up review




A bowl of egg soup was brought to our table. 
 Delicious. 
 And my fried rice came right after I finished the soup. 
 It was delicious and they generously put lots of shrimp and lots of veggies. 
  One small egg role and fried wonton also came with the rice. 
 The egg role didn't have meat inside. 
 . 
 the wonton had chicken in it. 
 I enjoyed the egg role since I don't eat meat. 
 

Service was good. 
 Only thing was that the wait staff talked a lot and forgot to refill our water more than once. 
 I know that it sounds picky . 
 the rice was spicy and we needed water. 
 They filled our glasses right after we asked for it. 
 Thank you. 
 The price was great too. 
 I would love to try other dishes here again. 




I like to get the green curry. 
 . 
 again. 
 it's hit and miss with the sweetness. 
 This is not my favorite Thai restaurant in the OC area. 
 Food comes out pretty fast. 
 so if you're looking for an average Thai place for a quick meal. 
 this is the place for you. 




In the past I've gotten:

Kung Lao trio-4. 
5
Orange chicken-3. 
5 (was good . 
 really no chicken in it. 
 mostly just breaking coated in sauce) 
Pineapple curry-5. 
5



I used to love eating here a ton . 
 this recent visit I just had just ruined my experience. 
 I was handed my pad thai(which was a small portion by the way. 
 I finished it all and I usually can't) along with the bill totaling up to $18 something because my sister had ordered chicken satay. 
 The chicken satay was small and the pad thai was a small portion. 
 
The food wasn't that great enough for me to want to come back anymore and the service was terrible. 
 
You disappointed me today Thai Basil. 
 :(



My favorites so far are the appetizer plate. 
 the mushroom soup. 
 beef salad. 
 orange chicken. 
 massaman curry. 
 brown rice. 
  and the sticky rice with mango (when in season). 
 I have yet to try other dishes . 
 once I'm there I stick to my favorites. 
 lol. 


Whenever I'm near CSU Fullerton. 
 this is my favorite spot for lunch. 
 It can get crowded at peak times. 
 . 
 that's a good sign. 
 right?
Spicy brown rice and pad kee mao (oh. 
 the fresh basil. 
) are faves. 
 So spicy. 
 so delicious. 



Rad Na with Shrimp
Pad Ki Mao with Beef
Beef Satay
$27 before tip

The place is ok. 
  The rad na noodles were overcooked and broken up and the beef satay could have used more sear. 
  The standout was the pad ki mao which was flavorful and well cooked. 
  Service was ok and I had nothing to complain about in that area. 


Next trip will be across the street to Thailandia. 




Pad see ew: not flavorful at all. 
 tasted way too bland
Panang curry: It was okay. 
 there were too many chunks of tofu and not enough vegetables. 

Spicy eggplant: A little too oily for my tastebuds

Food just didn't taste authentic enough. 
 I used to love this place. 
 . 
 my recent trip back just didn't do it. 
 However. 
 service was fine. 
 . 
 this restart and does get crowded around 6:30-7. 
 so try to come a little earlier. 





It gets pretty packed on Friday evenings so be prepared to wait and have slow service. 
 Instead of them asking if we were ready to order we had to flag someone down (it's a pretty small restaurant btw) after about 15 minutes of being seated. 
 There used to be the sweetest lady working there when I first started going the who made me want to go all the time. 
 . 
 I don't know what happened to her. 
 And now the people working there are not the most welcoming except for a select few. 

Their spring rolls are pretty good. 
 It's filled with tons of fresh veggies. 
 But something in them last night made them seem spicy. 
 
I do like that you can choose how spicy you want your curry on a 1-10 scale. 
 
They also serve a barbecue. 
grilled chicken with this really tasty honey? sauce. 



This was definitely my favorite and the best Thai restaurant in the city. 
 Some of my all time favorites here include. 
 the Thai beef salad. 
 spicy shrimp fried rice and catfish curry. 
 I can't believe it's been years since I've been here. 
. 
. 
I really owe a trip back the next time I'm in Cali. 








I've been coming here for over 5 years now. 
 and I still love it. 






Four Party Trays:
- Beef and Chicken Skewers 
- Pineapple Fried Rice
- Tofu Pad Thai
- Beef Salad

Tina's Tips and Tantrums
- Cousin prepaid before and they had it ready for pick up. 
 Staff was super friendly. 
 making jokes and all. 

- $30-35 per tray
- Everything was presented nicely 
- Skewers were on point. 
 very juicy with the peanut sauce and the cucumber sauce (I don't know what it was made of. 
 . 
 it was tasty)
- Pineapple fried rice. 
 no bueno and also because I'm not a big fan of pineapple
- Pad Thai was alright. 
 tofu was soft. 
 . 
 rather oily
- Beef Salad was delicious. 
 Best thing out of the four dishes. 
 . 
 of course the pad thai was more filling. 





The place wasn't too packed. 
 even during lunch time. 
 and I got a seat quickly. 
 The first thing to jump out at me from the menu was chicken with cashew nuts. 
 served over brown rice. 
 Simple. 
 full of good stuff. 
 Can't go wrong. 
 right?

When the dish arrived it looked great. 
 . 
 there was a faint smell of burning oil. 
 When I took a bite. 
 my suspicions were confirmed - it tasted like burned oil. 
 I don't know how this kind of thing happens. 
 I'm no chef. 
 It did effectively kill any interest I had in finishing my plate. 
 I did. 
 however. 
 still eat it because I was hungry and didn't want to screw around with going elsewhere or getting something else. 
 The flavor was shot. 
 though. 
 Considering the ubiquity of Thai places. 
 I'd say the odds of a return visit are slim. 



Thai's menu says it prides itself on making everything fresh . 
. 
. 
 isn't most Thai cuisine done that way?. 
 and our 4 spring rolls ($30) were a great example of that approach. 
 Crunchy where it's supposed to be. 
 and tender likewise in the right places. 
 Flavor is on the light side. 
 . 
 freshness and hand crafting trumps that solitary negative. 


Not being Thai myself. 
 I asked the lovely staff what menu items are best for hands and take out. 
 and sadly I was given a menu. 
 I wonder if I had ordered Pad See Ew would she have said anything. 





Deep fried fish cake ($6. 
95): kinda spicy . 
 not too tasty. 
  

Pad see ew ($7. 
95): very greasy and kinda bland. 

Pad thai ($7. 
95): better than pad see ew. 


Thai coffee: not strong and borderline tasteless. 


Friendly service . 
 it's hard getting their attention. 


2. 
5 stars. 
. 


Thai Basil is not yummylicious. 
. 


PEOPLE ARE CRAZY. 
. 
. 
. 

This little gem is the best Thai place in Fullerton. 
 If you don't believe me. 
 try the Duck Curry. 
 Not only is the food delicious and healthy. 
 it costs like $9 for a lunch combo that comes with rice. 
an eggroll. 
a crunchy thing. 
your entree. 
 This totally sh. 
tts on a combo you would get at McDonalds that is like $8





My favorites are the green curry with tofu and I prefer extra veggies. 
 Their brown rice is amazing and has a nutty flavor. 
  
I also like the peanut sauce dish served with broccoli. 
  
I dined with my  son today and he had the pad Thai- he said it was the best he has ever had. 
  
Their spring rolls are really fresh. 
 
My father always gets the Panang chicken. 
 
He loves it. 
 
All the waiters and waitresses are helpful and efficient. 
 I suggest dining here - Good prices - great food. 















They recommend  me so strongly 2 try Thai food rite here
I tried fried rice. 
 pad see yu. 
 and Tom yang Kung
Its awe some 
This makes me open 2 eat Thai food






I'm very impressed with everything I've had here. 
 The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. 
 When they are not super-friendly it's because they are a popular and busy restaurant that is trying to take care of business. 
 Thai Basil is great for vegetarians and carnivores alike. 
 

Let's get onto the food. 
 shall we?

Everything I've had here has been excellent. 
 I've been to Thailand and I always tell people that most Thai food you get here in the U. 
S. 
 is maybe 90% as good as in Thailand itself. 
 Tahi Basil is an exception to that rule. 
 Their food is better. 


Helpful ordering information : just tell them how spicy you want your food and that's what you will get. 
 I really appreciate that because I'm the kind of guy that likes it spicy. 
 . 
 not so much you can't taste the food anymore. 
 Nobody's trying to be a here. 
 right? 

They have a very big menu so I'll be going back again and again to conquer it. 
 I've had Tom Yum Gai soup whichis chicken. 
 mushrooms with lemongrass. 
 It was very fulfilling to have something that was well prepared. 
 delicious and satisfying. 
 

I've also had the egg rolls which were truly. 
 deep fried to perfection. 
 

The Pad Thai was great and survived the ride home without becoming soggy. 
 Really flavorful and I know. 
 I know. 
 everybody gets Pad Thai. 
 Well. 
 this is a really good one. 
 

One item they could have been a little more careful in their preparation was the Satay Chicken. 
 They were almost overcooked . 
 not murdered yet not juicy like I would have hoped. 
 I believe they make their own peanut sauce and that was really flavorful and unlike others I've had. 
 

I'm not sure if this is on the menu . 
 one of the waitresses suggest I try the duck. 
 crispy fried with garlic and some kind of chili. 
 This was a real winner and not exactly on the menu. 
 What I had was chopped up in bite sized pieces. 
 perfectly cooked. 
 not greasy and a pleasure to devour. 
 

Lastly. 
 I've had the yellow curry. 
 It was definitely a cut above the usual yellow curry we are all used to eating. 
 More flavorful. 
 fresher vegetables and. 
 my favorite. 
 served hot. 
 

This place is a winner. 




The food was "okay" to say the least. 
 Between the horrible service and mediocre food this is definitely not on my list to return to. 
 

Don't waste your time. 
 Go elsewhere. 


I had to throw Sriracha on. 
 I don't think I've ever had pad thai so tasteless. 


They must also have a small kitchen because when I ordered for takeout. 
 I was quoted an hour. 
 I show up an hour later and I STILL had to wait another 15 minutes. 


Stir fried glass noodles is the bomb. 
 The pad thai is wonderful as is the pad see ew. 
 Haven't had a bad dish yet. 





The last two times I went. 
 I found a hair in my food. 
 The first time. 
 I let it slide just because it was late. 
 I was tired. 
 and they were almost closing. 
 But today. 
 after I found a hair AGAIN. 
 and they wanted to charge me for a new one I said nope. 
 I'm done. 
 Not to mention they charge 50 cents extra for more onions. 
 and $1 for a little bit more peanuts in the Massaman curry. 


They charge for almost everything extra. 
 Meat is understandable. 
 But extra onions or tomatoes isn't . 
 It's not like they even give you big portions? Yet. 
 they have customers because the food is good. 
 If it wasn't for that. 
 this restaurant would go out of business. 
. 
 

With the customer service they have (which is common in most Asian restaurants). 
 definitely will never expand outside of Fullerton. 
 . 
. 
  I was disgusted tonight. 
 I could've expanded the situation. 
 . 
 I didn't. 
 

So. 
 sad to say. 
 I have to find another Thai restaurant or go to Thailandia across the street from now on. 




Pineapple Fried Rice + Chicken - good flavor with generous amounts of chicken. 

Pad Kee Mao + Beef - went with medium spicy and it was the perfect spicy for me. 
 noodles weren't too oily. 
 seasoning was spot on. 
 and the vegetables were delicious. 
 
Green Curry + Pork - curry had a good flavor . 
 a lot more liquid-y than I would prefer. 


The ladies that work here are all very kind and accommodating. 
 I would definitely recommend Thai Basil for anyone craving Thai food in the Fullerton area. 





We found Thai Basil when our usual Thai food restaurant changed hands and the food quality took a dive. 
 We have eaten at a lot of Thai restaurants. 
 both locally and while on vacation. 
 and Thai Basil remains my favorite. 
 The food is always. 
 consistently good. 
 Super friendly staff. 
 Everything is always clean. 
 It gets crowded. 
 . 
 they've always managed to seat us quickly. 


Food suggestions:

Fried tofu appetizer
Tom Kha Gai soup - we get ours with tofu instead of chicken
Chicken sa-tay
Any of the pad thai noodle dishes
Green curry
Eggplant tofu with mint
Red rice



The customer service isn't great. 
 I feel rushed every time I'm eating since they drop off the check almost immediately. 
 and hardly ever pay attention to you. 
 The first time I went was better than the last time. 
 Not once was I offered a refill on my water. 
 I had to wave down who I thought my waitress was. 

The workers were all standing by the register just talking not paying attention to their customer. 


Needless to say don't think I'll be returning in a while. 



Looking at some of the other reviews I'm really surprised to see complaints about the service and the food. 
  I've never had a bad experience there. 
 ever. 
  They are always friendly and efficient and the food is always delicious. 




The spicy noodle here is they best I've had. 
 Noodles are nice and caramelized. 
 and you get to choose your spice level from 1-10 (warning. 
 the 10 does make me cry. 
 and I have a pretty high tolerance). 
 Tom Yum. 
 Tom Ka. 
 Crying Tiger. 
 Eggplant Beef. 
 I highly recommend all of them. 
 I've taken large parties here as well and they've been very accommodating. 



My friends and I decided to cheat on our usual trip to Thai BBQ in Fullerton to check this place out. 
  In terms of decor and presentation. 
 this place is much nicer. 
  Cloth napkins at dinner time and an actual page-turn menu. 
 it's date location approved. 


Now. 
 I don't want to keep comparing with Thai BBQ. 
 . 
 I must. 
  Given that both locations do not have the BEST Thai food. 
 Fullerton is a small town -- you need to know the competition. 


The food overall seemed bland to me. 
  It lacked the flavor intensities I wanted whether it was spiciness. 
 saltiness. 
 or sweet. 
  Perhaps that means it's healthier here?  Don't quote me on that. 
. 
. 
 I'm not sure that lack of flavors equates healthy food. 


I ordered their beef pad see ew. 
  Friends at the table ordered spicy shrimp fried rice. 
 pad thai. 
 green curry = mediocre all around. 


This place wasn't good enough for me to cheat on Thai BBQ. 







The Pad Thai & Pad See Ew are my favorites. 







Having travelled Thailand three different times I've had my share of good Thai. 
 bad Thai too. 
  In fact. 
 the worst Thai meal I ever had was in Thailand. 
 when they made the food in a way they thought an American would like it. 
  Awful. 


Truth is. 
 Thai food varies depending on which part of the country you are in. 
 Some areas are more spicy and colorful. 
 others not so much. 
 Given the variance there. 
 it makes sense there would be different sensibilities here. 
 too. 


Thai Basil falls on the more flavorful and colorful side of the palate. 
 Choosing your spice level from zero to ten. 
 ten being spiciest. 
 is a nice option. 
 I love getting a sweat from the spice. 
 and seven usually gets it done. 
  A better option is letting them prepare it the way they think its best. 
  

Edith. 
 the owner. 
 knows her stuff. 
 as does the chef and staff. 
  It's often very crowded . 
 the wait  never too long. 
  Things move quickly. 
  Lunch deals are great. 
 too. 
 though Cal State is only blocks away and a lot of faculty and staff head there for lunch. 
 

Thai Basil is my favorite Thai food locally. 
 The spicy brown rice with vegetables. 
 level six or seven. 
 is my favorite. 
  But try whatever looks good on the menu. 
 there's a lot to choose from. 
 Great stuff. 










There pad see ew is ok . 
 everything else is good. 




Beef salad $8. 
95

Tons of flavor. 
 You can choose your spice level. 
 I usually get 4 or 5. 
 6 and above can get REALLY spicy. 
 Actual steak strips on top of a spicy. 
sour dressing with cucumbers. 
 lettuce. 
 red and green onions. 
 If you order this as take out. 
 ask them to put it in a separate bag. 
 One time. 
 they put it in the same bag with a hot entree and the salad ended up being warm by the time I got home. 
 I hate warm salad. 
 The only downside is that it's close to 8-9 bucks. 
 

 I didn't like their version of Mongolian Beef though. 


If you do come here. 
 can't go wrong with the usual dishes like pad thai. 
 pad see ew. 
 satay and the tom yum soup. 



My group and I had a disappointing incident when I came last time. 
 Never came back since. 
 

To make a long story short. 
 we were seated in a booth near the restrooms and throughout our stay. 
 there was this waiter who gave us a bad attitude. 
  His voice was stern and body language was evident that we didn't want to serve us. 
 However. 
 the booth next to us. 
 his voice dramatically changed as if he were reading a Winnie the Pooh story to Kindergartners. 
 I was amazed by this dramatic transformation. 
 He asked if they needed anything else. 
 etc. 
 

It's a shame because the service was a disappointment (to us at least) and it seems like their portions shrank over the years. 
 . 
 the food was superb. 




I prefer to order take out because it tends to be a longer wait than I would like if you sit down and wait there. 
 . 
 either way the food is great. 
 Service isn't the best. 
 . 
 I really don't care about that when I just want some quality Pad Thai. 





Ordered fried wontons. 
 beef pad thai. 
 yellow curry with potatoes and onions with chicken. 
 and fried rice with pork. 
  (although they put beef instead of pork). 
  That didn't bother me at all. 
  

Fried wontons were a great started. 
  If you want something crunchy with a good sauce this is where its at. 
 


Pad thai is delicious. 
 we did a spicy level 5. 
 I could have done an 8 if I was the only one eating it. 
  So good though. 
   Not greasy. 
 lots of flavor. 
 slight sweetness with a savory flavor. 
  

Yellow curry with chicken was fantastic. 
  The curry was delicious. 
  Tons of flavor with a great consistency. 
  Not to mention the portion was just enough for 3. 
  

Fried rice was also fantastic. 
  Lots of flavor and not greasy like I've had in past restaurants. 
  

Overall. 
 this place is great. 
  It gets busy so don't be afraid to wait 20 minutes for a table. 
  Its worth the wait. 








What we got:
Chicken Pad Thai ($7): it's so hard for me to try something different at a Thai place because I love pad thai wayyy toooo much. 
 I was impressed with how it tasted. 
 I like my beansprouts cooked and no peanuts and they did that for me. 
 The noodles were soft and not to sweet or sour. 
 The chicken had flavor in it and wasn't dry so yay them. 
 I know that there were mixed reviews about their pad thai. 
 . 
 I mean it was still pretty tasty. 
 Not the best. 
 . 
 still better than other places. 


Beef Pad See Ew ($7): BF has a hard time trying something else too because he loves pad see ew as much as I love pad thai. 
 I had a bite of his dish and it wasn't too overly soy saucy? It comes with chinese broccoli and not american broccoli so that is always a plus. 
. 
. 
Eggs were perfectly mixed into the noodles so that it had the soy sauce taste in it as well and it didn't just taste like eggs. 


Service:
Besides the menu part. 
 I mean everything else was okay. 
 You really do get the check like 5 minutes after your food is brought to the table. 
 That didn't bother us so we just left it there until we finished. 
 Drinks were refilled once they saw that it was almost empty. 



Typically when I review I compare against other Thai restaurants I've been to and the level of food standard and service. 


 Although there are higher ranked Thai places in the area I went with guests that flew in from South Korea. 
  This was my friend's favorite thai place when we were students at CSUF many years ago. 
  

One thing that got me confused was that she went out of her way to mention that the lunch menu is available even during dinner. 
  We asked what the difference was and she said the lunch one is smaller. 
  We ordered the dinner portion . 
 when it came out it was clearly the lunch portion. 
  

The food was not bad. 
. 
. 
not great either. 
  Really a solid middle number. 
  I'd only really come here if it were close to where I was at and didn't want to drive. 



Let me say something about their brown rice. 
 It's their own blend. 
 and it's freaking delicious. 
  Yes. 
  Delicious brown rice. 
  I love it. 
 

Other good dishes are the pepper shrimp. 
 salmon curry. 
 angry beef and the eggplant. 
 

Each lunch comes with a small soup (the weakest part of the meal. 
. 
sometimes it's gelatinous). 
 a won ton. 
 an egg roll and rice. 
  

We discovered that we could bring wine in ($8 corkage). 
 so we did so today. 
 Not sure why it never had occurred to me before. 
 Usually I have a Thai beer. 
 

Friendly place. 
 . 
 very busy at lunch time. 







On the positive side. 
 this place has some really tasty authentic thai food. 
 . 
their egg rolls r great appetizers. 
 noodles simply great. 
. 
overall a place to consider if you just wear blinkers do your job of eating without much expectations and then jus get out. 



Beef panag. 
 glass noodle salad. 
 pad see ew are so good. 
  Panag not served with rice for some reason. 
  If you like the glass noodle salad. 
 try the snow flower salad. 
 same thing . 
 instead of noodle you get this ocean "flower" thing that has the crunchy texture similar to wood ear mushroom. 
  If you love the sauce with the salad. 
 these suckers soak it up like a sponge. 
  So good. 
 . 
 it will get spicy. 
  Anything over a 5 is too spicy for me. 
  I was tearing up. 
 . 
 it was so good I kept eating. 


The beef salad while a nice portion. 
 the beef was rather chewy. 
  I think it may have been sirloin. 
 and I don't care for that cut. 
 . 
 if you like sirloin. 
 this should be fine with you. 
  http:. 
. 
www. 
yelp. 
com. 
biz_photos. 
QOL-eFJ8iEHJNoOZCowhlw?select=ITHZp8Nuad8ToweN_g_S3A

Pad see ew and and curry are easily a two meal dish each. 
  Great portion size. 
  Have yet to try their "specials" sizes though. 



Told the management and they didn't care. 
 Disgusting. 




i love the curry chicken  . 
. 
 the rice is tasty. 
. 
this is a great small little place. 
 me and my honey just one day were bored and were being fickle about going to the regular places and just said. 
. 
 screw it let's try a random new place and we found such a cute little gem of a restaurant. 
. 
 definitely we go to this place when we think THAI. 
. 
 mmm :)





The only downside is the somewhat small portions that they give you. 
 I may be a little biased. 
 given that we had a party of 5. 
 . 
 it does fill you up. 
 I guess. 



all in all. 
. 
. 
 This place ain't nothing special. 


I always order the Beef Panang with a side of fried rice. 
 and the Pad Thai noodles. 
 Yummy. 
. 
 Highly highly recommend this place. 
 specially if you love spicy food. 









They had a egg drop soup (included in the lunch special) which was perfect for the chilly weather and their egg rolls and wontons are never overly breaded and crispy. 
 

The duck was pretty fatty . 
. 
 I mean. 
 it's duck so no surprise there. 
 And the beef salad was refreshing and tangy. 
 

If you ask them for their hot sauces. 
 they will bring out three containers: hot spices. 
 tiny sliced jalapeño-type peppers. 
 and the classic asian hot sauce you get everywhere(not siracha). 
  

I went to CSUF for undergrad and ate here frequently. 
 It was good then - . 
 eating here three years later makes it even tastier because it reminds me of all the good memories I had in college. 
 Wish I lived closer and I'd frequent here more often. 


Definitely recommend. 
 I asked for a spicy level six . 
 next time I'd opt for seven (I like spicy). 



We arrived at 9:20 which is an entire 40 minutes before they are supposed to close at 10 p. 
m. 
 As a former restaurant server I know how frustrating it can be when customers walk in 10 minutes before closing . 
 we were there 40 minutes before. 
 The man that greeted us was less than happy we were there. 
 frowned the whole time and dropped the menus in a pile on the table after seating us. 
 We were all very polite and ordered our food and drinks within 5 minutes of sitting down. 
 While we were eating the entire staff was standing. 
sitting in empty booths in the middle of the restaurant with frowns on their faces waiting for us to finish eating. 
 Before we even paid the bill they started vacuuming 15 feet from our table. 


I will probably give this restaurant another chance because the food was decent. 
 A warning to everyone though. 
 do not show up after 9 p. 
m. 
 because you won't feel welcome. 





I'm very surprised that as I'm currently writing this Thai Basil only has a 3. 
5 star rating because I don't know ANYONE who's been to this place that doesn't like it. 
 I can only imagine that the reason someone has given Thai Basil a poor rating is because of how crowded it gets and that it may have taken a while for them to get their food. 


As I mentioned above the place gets crowded. 
 When? Every single day at lunch time. 
 I don't even bother going between the hours of 12 and 1 because it's just a mad house. 
 How the waiters maintain composure. 
 get everything correct. 
 and most always get the food out in a reasonable time is beyond me. 
 The staff is great. 


Food is top notch. 
 Everything I get here tastes wonderful . 
 my favorite and what I believe they're known for is the Pad Thai. 
 I like to get mine with tofu and ask for extra peanuts. 
 

Get in this restaurant at a good time and enjoy. 



I have tried their green curry. 
 yellow curry. 
 chicken satay (yummy). 
 If you are a vegetarian their Basil Delight is a must have. 


Food can be a bit on the spicy end though. 
 I can't take too much spice so when I ask for mild. 
 i still feel that the food is spicy. 
 It might be a good idea if they can tone down on the spiciness at least for those who ask for mild. 


Service can be a bit lacking as they seemed to be understaffed during peak hours. 
 Other than that the place seems to be clean and organized. 



Service: 
- Friendly (when my sister is with me)

Food: 
- Good (Not horrible . 
 not the only place to go eat)

Location:
- Great (Starbucks. 
 yogurt. 
 etc. 
. 
. 
 anything you usually need is near thanks to CSUF)


Overall. 
 it's a good local Thai place for not having to drive far from Brea. 
Fullerton. 
 with a home-y feel. 
 For extra kick. 
 ask for chili and they'll bring you a great variety. 
 Prices are ok. 
 not super cheap take out prices (. 
 it's not cheap take out quality either). 
 and not super expensive. 
 They have great dinner and lunch deals that include appetizers and great thai tea. 



Chicken Satay w. 
 peanut sauce and the Tum Yong Gung soup. 
 excellent starters. 
  The Panang and noodle dishes (padthai) are also very good. 
 The service is decent. 
 it can get a little slow at times . 
 the place is usually pretty busy. 
. 
. 
 The staff is friendly and quality of food is very tasty. 
 

I really like the sauces and spices here. 
 get an eight on the scale and its pretty hot. 
 We have been coming here for a very long time and have enjoyed it each and every time. 



Anywho. 
 I came here with a few people I had just met at CSU Fullerton. 
 and it was definitely not a disappointment. 
 Before coming here. 
 I had Thai food once before at this hole-in-the-wall spot in Anaheim on Gilbert and Lincoln. 
 and that was it. 
 So I was very well looking forward to what Thai Basil had to offer. 


I ordered their curry fried rice (I'm sure there's an exact name for it. 
 . 
 that's what it literally was. 
. 
. 
 fried rice mixed with curry sauce). 
 It was so delicious. 
 I absolutely loved it. 
 That was probably the best fried rice I've ever had in my life as well. 
 Better yet. 
 they give you large portions of food here at Thai Basil. 
 so it's even more bang for your buck. 


The staff is friendly as well. 
 and the lady who took our orders and whatnot seemed to know the rest of the group I was with (I guess they come here often). 


This place gets so packed though. 
 it's crazy. 
 When we got here. 
 there was only a few customers. 
 . 
 as we were finishing up our foods. 
 the entire place was packed with people. 
 As we were leaving. 
 this big group of people (about 7 or 8 peeps?) entered the restaurant. 


So I suppose this restaurant is quite popular. 
 I've noticed that. 
 overall. 
 Thai food is growing in popularity nowadays. 
 and I can definitely see why. 
 Such delicious food. 
. 
. 
 full of flavor. 
 And Thai Basil really helped deliver that to its customers. 


Highly recommend this place for those who love Thai food. 
 or are curious to try out Thai food. 





The pa nang curry was also whatever. 
 The only thing about the pa nang curry that was good was the spiciness level. 
 
And just a heads up. 
 neither of dishes come with rice. 
 It was weird to not get rice with the curry. 
 Don't think I'll be returning. 



Their green curry with tofu is my fav. 
 They will ask you how spicy you want from 1 to 10. 
 I am a huge spicy fan . 
 I ordered a 7 and it was almost unbearable so be careful. 
 Their food packs some heat. 
 

My husband loves the red curry with chicken and the angry beef. 
 He always leaves his plate clean. 
 

The pad thai is also delicious and when ever I feel like indulging. 
 I order the mango sticky rice for desert. 
 It is the best :)





I always like to have good white meats. 
 I have never had a problem with the quality of meat like I do at some Asian restaurant. 
 They also let you customize how spicy you want a dish from 0-10. 
 

The only downfall I can see if the crowds and the service. 
 Sometimes there is only one or two server and the place is packed. 
 It can be hard to get a refill or the check. 
 But if you dont mind some patience you will not be sorry. 
 This place is really very amazing everytime. 





To start we had some beef satay. 
 The beef was tender with no chewy pieces. 
 It was nicely marinated and had nice grill marks. 
 It's served with a sweet peanut sauce and some chopped up pieces of cucumber and peppers. 
 

For my entree I had my favorite dish here. 
 the chicken larb. 
 As described in my previous review it's a "salad" of ground chicken (or pork. 
beef) mixed with mint leaves. 
 onion. 
 roasted ground rice. 
 and chili lemon sauce. 
 It's served with green cabbage. 
 I've tried all three meats and the chicken really works the best with this dish. 
 I also like topping it with these little slices of pickled green chilies you can ask for. 
 

My wife had the salmon pa-nang. 
 The salmon is battered and fried. 
 topped with a red coconut curry. 
 Salmon is a fish I hate. 
. 
. 
. 
 it literally makes me dry heave. 
 Yet this place uses some Thai magic to perfectly balance that "salmon" flavor with the spicy curry. 
 It's delicious. 
 

Check this place out. 
. 
. 
. 
 I have no clue if it's "authentic" or not since I'm not Thai and have never been to Thailand. 
. 
. 
. 
 . 
 it's some damn good eats. 



I just wanted to get a Thai tea to go. 
 Not even get seated or anything. 
 I looked around and almost everyone had a Thai tea so I was excited. 
 I will say that the lady was kind enough to take our credit card for ~$2 (which usually doesn't slide with a $10 minimum . 
 we didn't have cash). 
 That was cool of her. 
 BUT. 
 once I got it. 
 it tasted SOUR. 
 Yes. 
 sour. 
 It tasted old and I felt like I was going to get food poisoned. 
 I went back and told them it was sour. 
 and they said. 
 "We always serve Thai tea. 
. 
. 
" Which didn't explain much . 
 they opened up a new milk carton and made me another drink. 
 It tasted better at first. 
 . 
 strangely again it started to taste sour. 
 I ended up just throwing it out. 
 It was kind of them to make me a new drink. 
 . 
 it was a waste of money. 
 I know it's not just me because my boyfriend said it tasted sour. 
 too. 
 It must be the tea. 
 . 
 I am definitely not coming back. 
 The Thai tea across the street at Thailandia is way better. 


Bottom line i wont be returning. 





The service here wasn't that great when I went. 
 They serve this soup in the beginning before your main dish comes out. 
 and when I asked what kind of meat was in it. 
 I don't think they understood me? I don't know . 
 their response was annoying because they just kept not answering the question in poor English. 


BUT it's okay because I care more about food than service. 




Overall. 
 I enjoy my eating experiences here. 



Both the sweets and I got the dinner specials which were $12 something and just enough for 1 meal. 
  The actual dishes come with a decent amount to share and you don't get the won ton. 
 salad. 
 etc fillers to make the special seem. 
. 
. 
special. 
  There was a ton of onions in my chicken dish and the "med spicy" beef dish that the BF ordered was pretty damned on the hot side. 
  Overall not impressed . 
 if someone wants to vouch for them. 
 I'd give them another try because they're pretty close to me. 


Very unfortunate to not find a decent Thai place near Fullerton . 
 Brea. 
  Suggestions are always welcome. 
. 
  Really hoping to find a place with some kick ass Pad See Ew. 
 Spicy Beef Salad. 
 Pad Thai or Satay. 
  There's a ton I haven't tried . 
 I'm open to it. 
. 
. 
so if anyone has a "you have to try this" suggestion. 
. 
. 
gimme gimme. 
. 
  :)  Thanks. 





I recently moved back to the area and wanna search my old memory in this small restaurant. 
 I have to admit it only gets worst. 
 Since last weekend's early dinner. 
 I think it is time to leave old memory to its best. 
 

Our serve was an middle age straight hair lady with glasses. 
 She was ok until she took order. 
 I was craving for the soup I used to have in the old days and I wanted it the same way. 
 She told me there is no way they would make this for me and it never happened. 
 No matter how many I explained I was pretty sure I had it many times here. 
 All I had to do was to pay an extra dollar for it. 
 She was convinced to ask the kitchen finally and came back said it was $0. 
50 more. 
 it was never less like I said. 
 Was she trying to say I was lying? First. 
 you told me you have been working here for that long time and there was no such a request accepted before. 
 now you are telling me it would be ok if I am willing to pay more than I said? FINE. 
. 
 Let's do it. 
 I was really craving for the soup. 


Then I asked for a Satay and would like it half . 
 half. 
 She said. 
 "NO. 
 you can't do that. 
" I was totally pissed by her attitude from the beginning of our conversation. 
 I said. 
 "well. 
 forget it then. 
" 

I was quite offended what she said to me next. 
 "what don't you just order the whole thing?" I started to get annoyed. 
 "it's ok. 
 forget about it. 
" 

FOOD:
Soup came. 
 The food inside the soup was totally lacking. 
 I would say maybe 1. 
3 to 1. 
2 was missing. 
 mushroom. 
 shrimp. 
 tomatoes. 
 much less. 
 I used to scoop out a lot of lemongrass and ginger before. 
 This time. 
 I had to keep digging. 
 I felt like it was a ripped off. 
 

Will not go back again. 
. 



The only reason I come here is for the food. 
 nothing else. 
 

I love the curries and noodle dishes. 
 I've only had one plate here I did to like. 
. 
 It was a noodle dish. 
 the description sounded alright. 
 noodles with veggies in oyster sauce. 
 I got this because I was sharing the dish w a friend and I let him choose. 
 The noodles were in a bowl with thick sticky oyster sauce all over the bottom. 
 It kinda grossed me out. 


Anywhoo. 
 maybe ppl should just take out or order over the phone from here. 
 Even tho u will probably still get someone rude over the phone or at the counter. 












1. 
 Always have Lunch and dinner Specials. 
  7. 
95 you can get a curry. 
 noodle. 
 or traditional thai dish that comes with side of rice. 
 wonton. 
 egg roll. 
 and soup. 
 Dinner is 12. 
95 . 
 comes with all that plus a salad and glass of wine. 
 
2. 
 Service is SO good here. 
 They are SO nice and go the extra mile to help you box your food and refill your water without asking. 


They have a whole vegetarian menu Which includes dishes like spicy eggplant. 
. 
 baby corn & mushroom. 
 garlic and green chili tofu. 
 ect. 
 They can also make ANY dish vegetarian by replacing meat with Tofu. 


My favorite is the Spicy green curry and instead of a meat add eggplant and tofu. 
  They ask you on a scale of 1-10 how spicy you want it. 
 I get the number 10 spiciest - Its not that spicy. 
 It could be spicier . 
 I really like it. 
. 
. 
 They also bring you a some little jars of different chilis you can add to make it hotter. 


Mango Sticky Rice dessert is So amazing. 
. 
. 
. 
 6. 
95
Coconut Ice cream dessert is so good too. 
 2. 
95


we've eaten here a few times and taken out more. 
 the prices are a bit high and the portions smaller than i'm used to. 
 plus. 
 they charge for rice which is becoming a huge pet peeve of mine at any restaurant. 
 

in all. 
 i like the service & the food is consistent and tasty enough to satisfy my thai food cravings. 




I had the duck salad for my lunch. 
 it was tasty. 
 the duck was good. 
  My only complaint would be portion sizing on the duck. 
 however the other dish was big enough for another meal as a leftover. 
 so I guess that made up for it. 

I definitely plan on going back and trying more dishes. 




This is a big restaurant with nice seating. 
 decor. 
 and is very clean. 
 The servers were attentive and nice throughout our dining experience. 


We ordered the Beef Pad See Ew. 
 Chicken Pad Thai. 
 Korean Style BBQ Ribs with Fried Rice. 
 a Thai Iced Tea and Thai Iced Coffee. 


The beef pad see ew was not as sweet compared to other thai restaurants I've been to. 
 I'm more accustomed to the sweetness of the pad see ew compared to Thai Basil's version. 
 The vegetables were nice and crisp. 
 This dish was decent. 


The chicken pad thai was freaken awesome. 
 The noodles and meat are piled together. 
 peanuts on the side and bean sprouts on the side. 
 You mix it yourself according to your own taste. 
 The noodles were perfectly cooked. 
 the chicken had a lot of flavor. 
 and the bean sprouts were nice and fresh. 
 It had the right amount of sweetness to it as well. 
 Highly recommended. 


Korean Style BBQ Ribs with the Fried Rice was also a good dish. 
 The ribs were very tender and literally fell off the bone. 
 It had the right amount of sauce on them as well. 
 They gave a good amount of ribs for the dish so that's a major plus. 
 This came with a side of fried wontons (I think?) as well. 
 I didn't try the fried rice so no opinion there. 


Thai Iced Tea and Thai Iced Coffee were good. 
 Not too sweet and not too bitter. 


We also received a bowl of congee which was nice. 
 The rice wasn't mushy and it came out warm. 





The food is fresh. 
 hot. 
 and great quality. 
 Taste good every time. 
 It is always good. 


I have also had the shrimp fried rice and the pad-thai . 
 the pad see-ew is the best. 
 

It has a nice ambiance. 
 it is a cheap meal . 
 it still looks nice inside. 
 Would recommend. 







Anyway. 
 i hadn't eaten here in over 6 years. 
 and by the looks of it. 
 nothing inside has changed since then except the student waiter. 
 She was smiling and friendly. 
  Within 30 seconds she brought out my coke. 
 and with her pen in hand asked if I was ready to order. 
  I said. 
 "Sure. 
 what kept you?" . 
 with a smirk wrote down my order. 
 chicken curry with rice and salad for $6. 
99. 
  Good deal. 
  

The food came out in 5 minutes. 
 and she refilled my coke. 
 Seems everyone got their food quickly. 
 She zipped around the other tables in my section like a road runner. 
  With cheap lunches. 
 to make decent tip money. 
 one has to fly. 
 I guess. 
 The food itself was average. 
 I like a little more coconut milk. 
 though the medium hotness was perfect. 
 Portion size wasn't bad . 
 at this price. 
 ti was a very fair deal. 
  I finished my meal and read my emails in 10 minutes. 
 and the waitress asked if I needed more coke or wanted to order anything else. 
  I said. 
 "No thank you. 
 no thank you. 
" She hands me my check. 
 I hand her my credit card ready. 
 and handed it back immediately. 
  She comes back in two minutes. 
 and I sign it. 
 tip her. 
 and walk out the door. 


Decor I didn't care about . 
 it was clean so no big deal. 
 Service was good. 
 the price was good. 
 and the food was just ok. 
  I'd definitely go back. 
  As I left. 
 someone was stalking me as I loaded my stuff in the car before seat belting myself in. 
  I took my time of course. 

. 




The menu is large. 
 . 
 doesn't have a lot of Thai dishes on it. 
  It has some salads. 
 some noodle dishes and a few curries. 
  Most of the rest appear to be Chinese dishes (Mongolian Chicken. 
 etc. 
). 

This isn't an atmosphere place - you walk in. 
 you eat. 
 you leave - no pretense about it. 
  It's clean. 
  In the bathroom there's a sign asking you not to dispose of foreign objects. 
  Next time I'll bring some domestic ones. 




Overall. 
 the food here is OK and decent. 
 There are no refills on Thai iced tea either :(


+Green chili and garlic beef: sauteed serrano chili peppers and onions. 
 

+Crying tiger: charbroiled beef with a side of hot chili sauce. 


+Poached salmon:  a moist and flaky salmon filet with a side of mixed vegetables. 


They also have other great dishes such as the shrimp spring roll appetizer with a flavorful peanut sauce and the glass noodle stir fry with cellophane noodles. 
 sliced tomatoes. 
 onions. 
 green onions. 
 baby corn. 
 mushroom. 
 veggies. 
 scrambled eggs. 
 and shrimp or chicken. 


For the prices. 
 portions. 
 and flavorful food. 
 Thai Basil is a great spot to grab a quick bite for lunch or dinner. 






The customer service was good at first . 
 not so much after we got our order. 
 Trying to ask for refill and more rice took awhile. 
 My family was more annoyed that the waitress just left us boxes for us to box our own food yet the same waitress boxed the food of the table next to us. 
 We have no problems boxing food ourselves . 
 that sort of preferential service is a bit rude. 
 We didn't make any outrageous demands nor were we rude to her either (unless asking her to repeat herself because of her thick accent counts). 



I had most of all the Vegetarian dishes and all of them are very good. 


The Ghang Ped . 
 Red Curry With Coconut Milk. 
 bamboo shoot. 
 tofu and I added pineapple was delicious. 
  they give you the choice of how spicy you want your food from 1 to 10. 


the Pineapple fried rice is with tofu is a must as well. 
 I always request it without egg since am a vegan. 
 . 
 is as you wish. 


the Pad Thai Veggie is also a good choice. 
 you can also get it with our without egg. 


The Basil Delight is a good choice if you like spice. 
 its a dish with basil leaves and a chili seasoning with stir-fried tofu. 


the spicy eggplant is also good. 


Just note: this is a family own restaurant and they are the workers they don't hire any body else. 
  as they get busier you might have to wait longer. 
 its worth the wait. 



It was pretty good. 
 If I ever crave thai food. 
 this is the place I come to. 
 The service was okay and every time I've gone. 
 there was no wait. 


Yummm. 
 Love their lunch specials. 
 Everything I've tried here as been delicious. 
  You get to moderate the spicy-ness of each dish. 
 

Experience - 3
I go here whenever I'm craving thai food in the Fullerton area. 
 Rarely a wait to get seated and eat. 
 

Environment - 3
Clean. 
 organized. 
 Not too cluttered. 
 

Service - 4
Friendly service. 
 Always come around for refills and checkin' up if you need anything. 
 

Price - 4
Works for me. 
 

Location - 4
Next to Office Max. 
 it has parking usually. 





But. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 server was suck. 

I think that she wanted to teach us. 

I don't want to go there again. 
 NEVER. 
. 
. 
. 





Service was fast and friendly. 
 and food had always been delicious. 



I recommend the chicken pad see ew - it's my favorite dish here. 
 Not too oily. 
 not too salty. 
 . 
 the perfect seasoning and a decently priced portion. 
 My sister likes the pineapple fried rice. 
 My mom likes the pineapple curry. 


Lunch specials have very good prices and satisfying portions. 


I don't recommend the drunken noodles or pad thai - both are very oily and unsettling. 


I'm still searching for the perfect drunken noodles - anyone have any recommendations?







Overall. 
 I am very satisfied with this restaurant. 
 and I will be returning soon. 


Much more i have nut allergies that keeps me from lot of resturant where they don't actually cook to order( pre-made). 
 I was able to request from the Manu n have certain ingredient taken out. 
 Fabulous . 

