

I always order a lot when I go here. 
 I get the gyoza (pot stickers) and chicken karage (Japanese style fried chicken) to start off with. 
 The flavors are quite authentic since most of the staff here are Japanese workers. 
 And for the main entree I always get a nice bowl of ramen with miso or pork broth. 
 

Service is very friendly and the place is very clean. 
 But at the end of the day it's the food that counts here. 
 The only thing that sucks is that it's not closer to where I live. 



The broth is what counts. 
 They do a good job on the cook and the flavoring of all their broths. 
 Never too salty or bland. 
 If you order with extra noodles. 
 you'd never know because they say they put it in already. 
 . 
 looks about the same as someone who didn't get the extra noodles. 
 I think they should consider separating that onto another bowl that can be dumped in the broth later. 
 

I really do like this place. 
 . 
 its not one of my favorite ramen places. 
 There's good ramen in Fountain Valley and in Rowland Heights. 
 . 
 they have even closer competition just down the street in downtown Fullerton. 
 I hope they continue to do well and only improve. 



My usual is the chuka soba lunch combo. 
  It's nice that you can select from a variety of choices to go with your ramen. 
 i. 
e. 
 Gyoza. 
 curry rice. 
 salad. 
. 
etc. 
 
the noodle and broth are very flavorful. 
  The noodle is very well cooked. 
 nice chewy texture. 
  I particularly like the chuka soba because it brings a sense of comfort and satisfaction after I eat it. 
  Definitely can't get enough of it. 
  

Other ramen broth like the Cha. 
 kuro. 
 are just as flavorful and tasty. 
  Definitely impressed with the quality of the food here. 
  Highly recommend. 
  My Japanese friend thinks this is as authentic as it gets in comparison to real Japanese ramen. 
 and that speaks volumes. 



I'll pass by next time and go elsewhere. 



My usual drink selection is the iced great tea. 


Ramen selection would be the "Aka Kara Miso Ramen" with extra egg. 
 bamboo and Chasu Pork. 
  (Broth is very delicious and not so heavy). 
  My boyfriend usually orders the "Kurt Ramen" with extra Chasu Pork. 
  

Appetizers we would order are the "Homemade Kimchi" (goes well with the ramen). 
 "Takoyaki" (Texture is different . 
 overall good). 
 "Karaage" (who doesn't love deep fried goodness?) and "Agedashi Tofu" (Crispy yet soft in the middle and the fish broth compliments the tofu very well). 


Sometimes when I just feel like having something light with rice. 
 I usually order the Chashu Don rice bowl. 
  So delicious. 
. 
. 


And there you have it. 
 I always waddle out of there at the end of my meal satisfied. 
  Thank you What's up Men and crew. 
. 
. 



Pretty tiny . 
 that seems to be the consensus among all of the non-chain ramen places I've tried. 
  For a party of 6. 
 we waited for about 30 minutes on a Sunday night. 
  Mind you it's summer time. 
  

AKA - Kara Miso (Spicy Miso Flavored)
** me likey. 
  Granted my taste buds were just as inebriated as I was. 
 . 
 I liked it. 
 The savory broth was not overpowering in its spiciness and paired quite well with the fried rice. 
  Don't judge. 
  I like carbs on top of carbs. 
 kay?

Cha-Han
**  Fried rice. 
 yo. 
  And a pretty good one at that. 


Now they offer this ramen dish that's served cold. 
  Perfect for summer. 
  It's very light and flavorful. 
  But I can't remember what it's called. 
  It's really good. 
 though. 
 so if you feel like it's too hot for regular ramen. 
 ask for the cold one. 


I just might be back. 
  If I'm in the area. 


I prefer this place over Kopan Ramen because the prices are better and you don't have to order every ingredient separately. 
 Also the broth at Kopan is way too creamy for my taste. 
 What's Up Men has my late night vote. 




Anyway. 
 this place has pretty good noodles and their Takoyaki was pretty good. 
. 
 the reason I'm giving 3 stars is because I didn't think the broth was amazing. 
 I got the Ara (spicy miso) and I felt like it was lacking in flavor. 


I think there are better ramen places (better taste and slightly cheaper) if you go towards LA. 


I was born and raised in Japan. 
 always missing Japanese food. 
 and have tried lots of restaurants running by Japanese owners. 
 . 
 I feel this restaurant is the best one ever. 
. 
. 
. 
 not only the taste of food . 
 anything---their quality of the service including the speed of taking order and the time until the food comes. 
 and their friendliness. 
 
Inside of the restaurant including restroom is always neat and clean. 
 
I won't call this restaurant as a Ramen shop . 
 an Authentic Japanese restaurant. 
 for the taste of food other than Ramens are also good. 
  and the atmosphere is comfy--- Everything is so familiar to me and I feel like I'm back home. 

スタッフの方々は神対応だし、お料理はいつもおいしいし、日本に帰ったみたいに落ち着くので家族でよく行きます。日本のレストランの中で一番好きです( *´`* )




1) Kuro Ramen combo with a side of Pork Fried Rice - I love how rich and . 
tery the ramen broth was. 
  The pork in the bowl was very generous and very savory. 
  The ramen texture was the perfect texture. 
 not to soggy. 
 not too hard. 
  The fried rice was a bit bland and lukewarm and wasn't anything special though. 


2) Kuro Ramen combo with Cha-Siu Bowl - The ramen was excellent. 
 just like with the other combo. 
  I loved the soft Cha-siu pork. 
  It was soft and fatty. 
 just the way I like it. 
  I enjoyed trying this bowl as a side in this combo. 
 and will get this again. 


With 5 likes on a social media post. 
 they give you an extra portion of noodles. 
  It is worth $1. 
 . 
 as you can see from the picture. 
 it's a really big scoop of noodles. 


I have found a new ramen place I have fallen in love with. 
  We will definitely come back again. 


After that. 
 when I crave for ramen. 
 this place is always the first ramen restaurant that pop out in my mind. 


I love their fried chicken and tofu. 
. 
. 
 they are just wonderful to go with your ramen. 
. 

I don't really write reviews. 
 . 
 this place is just too good. 
. 
. 
. 
. 



We started off with the Takoyaki ($5) and the boyfriend ordered the Soy Sauce Ramen ($11). 
 I wasn't feeling the ramen. 
 so I opted for the Chashu Bowl ($7. 
5) . 
 I also ordered a side of their red ginger (an additional $0. 
50). 
 I was originally irked at the fact that they would charge for a side of ginger. 
 . 
 after looking at the amount that they served. 
 I immediately took it back. 


The takoyaki came with 6 balls of fried and smothered octopuses. 
 The outside had a nice crunch to it while the inside was creamy and full of flavor. 
 2 negatives though: 1) the octopus piece was the size of my fingernail and 2) they soaked it with wayyy too much eel sauce and toppings. 
 Ramen had a deep. 
 heavy flavor which was out of the ordinary since soy based ramens are generally lighter than others such as miso. 
 The boyfriend seemed to like it so no concerns there. 
 My chashu bowl was by far the best out of everything. 
 It came in a huge bowl and was covered with thin slices of pork above the rice. 
 It was pretty oily. 
bland at first . 
 after sprinkling some soy sauce for more flavor. 
 it was perfect. 
 Probably a 9. 
10. 
 

Waitress was friendly and was quick to refill our waters. 
 Despite the waiting list going on and crowds coming in. 
 we never felt rushed and the staff didn't drop off our checks to hurry us out. 


Their lunch specials look pretty awesome. 
 so I guess I'll have to stop by again for that :)


I usually order shiro (salt flavor with pork broth) or chashu don (pork belly bowl). 
 Shiro is salt flavored and not too thick or bland. 
 You get few slices of pork bellies. 
 which melts in your mouth and a soft-boiled egg. 



We started off with two appetizers. 
 the Takoyaki (Fried Octopus)and Karaage (Fried Chicken). 
 The Takoyaki was surprisingly a little better than I thought it would be (the octopus took me a while to find since it was teeny tiny. 
 . 
 the taste and texture was pretty on par) it was probably the only dish we actually finished. 
 The Karaage was meh. 
 it was really chewy and hard to eat. 
 and didn't have much flavor--probably would have chosen something different in my opinion--I ate one piece and was done. 


I wasn't particularly hungry for Ramen so I chose a half bowl Donburi (Mabo Don--tofu and pork in spicy sauce) and the other dish was a half bowl of Gyu Don (Beef bowl). 
 The better things about these dishes was I LOVE how they have half bowls at $5. 
00. 
 Perfect for trying out and the rice had a really good texture. 
 Haha. 
 The flavor was okay. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 nothing fantastic. 
 The Beef bowl looked EXACTLY like how they make it at Yoshinoya honestly. 
 Both weren't bad . 
 they weren't great either. 
 Maybe they could do something about the flavor so you don't have to add a bunch of seasoning to the dish from the counter. 


After literally trying a variety package of meat. 
 I left thinking. 
. 
 okay at least we tried it. 
 At least the price and service was good. 


I ordered karaage (deep fried chicken) and AKA (spicy miso with chasu). 
 The karaage was so gooooddd. 
 Outside was crispy and inside was not too dry. 
 The AKA broth was also good. 
 It wasn't too salty like other places and the spicy miso was very flavorful. 
 They also gave me a fair amount of chasu. 
 One complaint I have though. 
 is that there was too much bean sprout. 
 I had to dig extra hard to find any noodles because it was covered by the mountain of bean sprouts. 



We ordered karaage. 
 a lunch combo with tonkatsu shoyu ramen and beef bowl. 
 as well as a shoyu ramen. 
 I thought everything tasted pretty good. 
 The karaage comes with a bit of side salad and kewpie mayo. 
 It was crispy and flavorful. 
 The breading was alright . 
 the inside was good. 
 
The ramen is somewhat reminiscent of Japan. 
 There's a good layer of oil and the noodles are very Q. 
 I think it came with the right amount of toppings and the portions are filling. 
 
I did enjoy the shoyu one better than the tonkatsu . 
 both had strong points. 
 
I didn't understand their social media promotion though. 
 How do you do likes on Yelp? Haha. 



They've change this free noodle check-in to a 5 like minimum on a Facebook. 
 Yelp. 
 Twitter. 
 or Instagram post which seems fair. 
 A free noodle with check-in was just too easy. 
 But in my opinion. 
 you really don't need the extra noodle because they really do give you your money's worth. 

 
I freaking love it here. 
 they seriously never disappoint. 
. 
. 
 This time I ordered the kuro ($8. 
50) and it was way better than the shiro. 
 The noodles come medium. 
hard. 
 so if you prefer your noodles soft just make sure to tell your server. 
 My boyfriend ordered the beef bowl since he's not a big fan of ramen (). 
 It tastes like the yoshinoya beef bowl. 
 . 
 way better quality. 


Service is always quick and attentive. 
 They try to seat people as quick as possible. 
 we waited for about 10-15 minutes with 4 parties ahead of us. 
 Yay~ 

Music is always on point too. 
 This time they were playing reggae. 
 like whaaaaat???? Reggae + ramen. 
 ok okkkkk. 
 They always surprise me with their music choices. 
 . 
 I love it. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
 

Agh. 
 ok I'm done. 
 I'm just really happy I got my ramen fix. 
 Hehe


* Receive 5 likes on a social media post and get extra noodles
** BUT wouldn't you order your food. 
 receive your food. 
 and then post a picture? So. 
 how would you get your extra noodles??
*** Or are they talking about a check-in. 
. 
. 


Service:
- Nice staff. 
 Very warm and welcoming even though they make you wait outside since space is limited inside. 
 You must sign your name on the sheet and wait patiently to be called 

Food:
Cha
- Highly recommend the miso flavored soup base. 
 Great flavor and enjoyable during the cold weather. 
 Wish they would give us a full egg instead of half. 
. 
. 
 Where does the other half go??

Overall:
Check it out. 
 Pretty big portions



First off i thought this was some speed dating place. 
 The name. 
franchises is one of themost fudged up names ever unless its like a meal for thunder down under. 


Buuut they have cute japanese servers here :D except for our server. 
 She was quite alien looking. 
 

Ventured here with rudy con mai. 
 

We got all sorts of crap except men. 
 Well i forgot what soup i got. 
 we posted tons of pics. 
 I think it was spicy or aka or anna or something. 
 It wasnt very spicy. 
 more salty than anything. 
 The ramyun was good. 
 i can eat it all day. 
 Just needed one noodle refill. 


This place is soo much better than ajisen . 
 less variety. 
 And diversity. 
 

$10 for us skinny people
. 
15 for you fatties



Noodles were cooked very nicely. 
 It was a tad chewy just how we personally like it. 
 The broth was flavorful & the chashu was tender & cooked beautifully. 


We both paid an extra $1 for a seasoned soft boiled egg. 
 It was tasty & cooked nicely. 
 however. 
 we received it fully cold. 
 Like. 
 just pulled out of the refrigerator cold. 
 So once you receive the egg. 
 throw it into your bowl right away & let it sit to warm up. 


We also ordered a side of:
- curry rice bowl: HIGHLY RECOMMEND. 

- chashu bowl: delicious as well. 
 The chashu was cooked so nicely. 
 They also complimented the rice with sauce. 
 So good. 


Service was standard. 
 They were actually a bit busy. 
 so the server didn't get to help us too much. 
 . 
 we weren't put off by it. 
 We enjoyed our food. 


OVERALL. 
 if you're in the area looking for a ramen fix. 
 this place is solid & I could definitely come back. 



I have been interested in trying What's Up Men's style of Ramen for some time now thanks to both word-of-mouth from local and intense Yelp interest. 
 Although the reviews do not seem to point in any clear direction. 
 I think it is safe to say What's Up Men puts on a credible Ramen experience. 
 You can tell by the service and the cleanliness of the interior that this restaurant is a labor of love. 
 small business effort. 
 All of the employees were genuinely eager to please and offered suggestions at request. 
 My drinks even remained full without having to flag anybody down - try doing that at Santouka. 
 

I decided upon the "Cha Ramen" which is their take in Miso Ramen along with 4 pieces of Gyoza and a Diet Coke which came to roughly $13. 
00. 
 That is about par for the course these days in the OC Ramen scene. 
 

The Gyoza was the first to arrive and it was a complete winner. 
 The dumplings were soft and juicy while having a thin and crispy bottom on each individual Gyoza. 
 served with the bottom side up. 
 The mixture of the filling was heavy on the vegetable side which gave a light and airy mouthfeel that really absorbed their house Gyoza Sauce. 
 This is a good thing because What's Up Men's Gyoza Sauce is the most complex and flavorful I have ever had. 
 

A delightful start. 
 

The Miso Ramen was soon to follow and it held it's own. 
 The broth is a deep and full bodied experience that never crossed over into the "too oily" spectrum. 
 The addition of Black Garlic Oil really put the flavor profile over the top for me. 
 a very close second to Yamadaya in that regard. 
 The Chashu was so soft that it immediately disintegrated once it landed on my tongue. 
 It was a potent package of umami and salt. 
 The actual Ramen Noodles had a firm texture that allowed just enough chewing without tiring my jaw. 
 Furthermore. 
 I they did a great job of allowing the broth to coat their surface. 
 None of the accoutrements failed to deliver and the Cha Ramen was largely a success on all fronts. 
 

The portions were large. 
 borderline huge. 
 and I walked outside into the rain completely full and ready to attack the afternoon. 
 Well. 
 after the food coma that is. 
 What's Up Men is about as good as Ramen gets in Fullerton. 



We came in on a Wednesday night. 
 party of 4 around 6:30. 
  We had braced ourselves for a wait . 
 the place wasn't full and we were ushered to a table inside right away. 


We shared gyoza and I had the Chuka Soba which is classic ramen in a chicken broth base. 
  The gyoza was phenomenal. 
 just the perfect blend of crispiness from the pan fry to one side and softness of the rest. 
  The veggie. 
meat mixture in the middle was also amazing making this the best gyoza I've had in a long time. 
  My Chuka Soba was also good although I had to doctor up my broth with a little soy sauce and what ever that red dust is that they have on the table (SO GOOD). 
  I particularly liked the flavored soft boil egg that was in it as well as the fish cake (I'm a sucker for that stuff). 
  I had a taste of the spicy miso broth and in comparison with mine. 
 thought that broth was richer and more interesting. 
 however once I doctored my broth up I was just fine. 


Next time I'm going to get my own gyoza and put it in my ramen. 
  Will probably also add some more veggies because I felt like there could be more going on in there. 
  Will we be back?  Absolutely. 


Yelp 100 challenge: 48. 
100


I tried the combo with Ramen Miso and side dumplings Gyoza. 
 The Ramen came with really "al dente" (yippee. 
) wheat egg noodles in broth of sliced pork (super yummy). 
 From my little experience random Ramen come too salty or too spicy or too greasy or watery. 
 . 
 this Ramen was just perfect. 
  A riot of colors. 
 flavors and fragrances. 
 not salty. 
 tasty and aromatic broth with a mix of seasonings. 
 soy sauce. 
 miso. 
 ginger and other mysterious ingredients. 
 

Gyoza are side dumplings. 
 they look good and crispy nicely aligned. 
 . 
 kind of oily. 
 Next time I will order the Ramen solo. 
 (that also comes with half flavored egg. 
 missing in the combo)

4 Stars. 
. 
. 
. 


Luigius - Thor of Yelp Energy


If I'm ever in the area I'm definitely coming back here to get my ramen on. 




Ordered the AKA Kara spicy miso ramen with the curry rice bowl combo. 
 
The curry bowl was good . 
 the Ramen broth wasn't spicy rather salty instead. 
 Even though it was salty it still tasted a bit bland overall. 
 I had to drink at least 3 cups of water to get halfway through the broth. 

I asked for a side of soft boiled egg which actually came COLD and the yolk was already becoming semi dry. 
 That wasn't good especially since I had to pay extra for it. 
 
I did try their pork fried rice which was excellent. 
 

Final Thoughts:
This review shouldn't stop you from coming . 
 to be honest I found this place to be incredibly average. 
 Come see for yourself if you're out in the area. 
 
That's what's up. 
 meng. 



They are opened really late. 
 . 
 if you go late at night. 
 be ready to wait in line. 



The Cha Shu Pork with ramen or rice is popular. 
 I also like their Gyu Don beef rice bowl. 
 The beef is really tender. 
 Their homemade kimchi is sooo good. 
 The seasoning is on-point. 
 I love to add it as a side to any dish. 
 

I go here often for a quick meal after school since it's close. 
 When I go by myself. 
 I sit at the bar. 
 The restaurant itself is small and there's often a wait for a table during lunch or dinner. 
 It's great that they are open late for those late night cravings. 
 The service is good. 
 the waiters and waitresses are all attentive and nice. 
 They also serve alcohol here (like soju) for those who need a drink with their meal. 



Our party ordered a number of items :

-Takoyaki: 5. 
5
- Karaage: 5. 
5 (chicken meat is juicy. 
 yummy) 
-Various ramen: 4. 
5. 
5
- Black sasame ice cream: 5. 
5 (good portion for $2)
- Almond pudding: (4. 
5)

Overall a 5. 
5. 



When they're busy though prepare to be forgotten and have your meal time extended. 
 It took over 10 minutes to just get water. 
 and I don't mean someone actually giving you water . 
 someone coming over and ask you what you wanted to drink. 
 Actually getting a water took much longer. 
 it came with when the food arrived. 
 which was much much later. 
 O_o

It was busy so I understand if drinks aren't always refilled. 
 What really knocks down the stars is that the service system is kinda a mess. 
 I don't think the wait staff have designated part or whatever bc they were all over and I guess just assume you had already been served by someone else. 
 In my bill. 
 I was over charged by multiple bowls of ramen. 
 Like a waitress literally printed out and handed me a check for 4+ overcharges. 
meal items and walks off. 
 After waving some one down and to fix it. 
 I watched at least 3 other groups. 
 including the group whose order was supposedly mixed in with mine. 
 that came in after me finish and leave. 
 

When I was finally sorted they just kinda left and forgot about me and my payment. 
 again. 
 So in total my meal took almost 2 hrs. 
 and it consisted mostly of me waiting while already seated. 


Like food is good and all. 
 especially for the area. 
 I love the aromatic grilled meats and lunch combos . 
 it's just not worth the mess. 



For a huge plaza. 
 parking was actually challenging during lunch time . 
 not impossible. 
 After you get to the restaurant. 
 they have a wait list outside by the door. 
 You don't have to talk to anyone. 
 just put down your name and magically you will be called when it's your turn. 
 The wait wasn't too bad especially if you have slave girl around to keep you busy. 
 Since it's a ramen place. 
 most people are in and out anyway. 
 

We ordered soy sauce broth combo with curry rice. 
 spicy miso broth combo with chashu rice. 
 and octopus balls. 


COMBO DOES NOT COME WITH EGG AT THIS PLACE and they charge you a dollar for one egg. 
 They do this on purpose and they know it too because our nice server asked us if we wanted to order egg on the side since it doesn't come with the combo. 


The food came to our table within 5 min after we ordered. 
 that's speedy as hell. 
 Octopus balls was done really well. 
 flavorful and fluffy. 
 Soy sauce broth was a hit for me . 
 I am not a big fan on the spicy miso. 
 Matter of fact. 
 I believe it was the spicy paste on top that I didn't like because the broth tasted great before the paste was mixed in. 
 The biggest dissatisfied thing was the chashu. 
 It wasn't processed well and still had that pork stink taste. 
 We tried mine. 
 hers. 
 the one in chashu rice. 
 and they all had that and it wasn't pleasant. 


Service was fantastic at this location. 
 Our tea was refilled all the time without asking. 
 When I asked for extra pickled radish for my curry rice. 
 they brought back a handful with a smile. 
 All and all. 
 a great place to go for comfort food especially they open late. 



Also for whatever reason they're always playing Raggae  mixes which is cool . 
 surely odd since it's a Japanese spot. 
 It's cool with me. 
something different. 
. 


Btw they always have the special where If you show them a post of yours on social media you get extra noodles. 
so take advantage of that. 
. 
 Just be careful. 
you  will stuff your face. 
. 
. 




The first time I came here I ordered the vegetable Ramen. 
 I was reunited once again with ramen and it felt so good. 
 Second time I was just craving a teriyaki chicken bowl and that did not disappoint either. 
 The chicken was soooo tender in the chicken bowl. 
 it is just how I like my chicken. 
 Comes with white rice. 
 chicken (good size). 
 teriyaki sauce. 
 green onions and sesame seeds. 
  . 
 

Great flavor. 
 great prices. 
 great service. 
 

Advice: Make sure you come hungry because portions are very generous. 



This is a pretty small spot. 
. 
 And it tends to get packed pretty fast. 
. 
they have many ramen options and also appetizers and rice bowls. 
. 
 I always get the aka ramen which is the spicy miso and it hits the spot. 
. 
 The broth is flavorful and the noodles are cooked to my liking. 
. 



The wait is pretty ridiculous. 
 45 minutes for 2 people?. 
 At least they had a heater for the cold weather. 
 But not only is the wait long. 
 the space inside is SMALL. 
 (btw. 
 it's next to Pieology. 
 in a corner area) there's an "L" bar shape that seats about 8-9 people. 
 And there's 6 tables?

FOOD: I got the Koro Ramen ($8. 
50) and it was basic. 
 Basic taste. 
 I think with the extra noodle. 
 it just overweighed everything else. 
 The noodle is a thicker rounder noodle and was alright. 
 The egg was still cold so you definitely need to drown it and mix your bowl really well. 
 The broth had a bit of garlic . 
 it just didn't compliment the taste. 
 

Overall. 
 just wasn't as good as I expected. 
 Fun fact: they play a lot of Reggae music & usher love songs haha. 
 Probably not coming back here - definitely wasn't worth the wait in the cold. 


I have to say the music is so random though. 



I highly recommend the chuka-soba to anyone who wants to taste the chuka-soba like the ones in Japan. 
 

it was super refreshing and the egg was on point. 
 DEFINITELY RECOMMEND. 
. 
. 
 
other than that we ordered the fried rice and noodles. 
 they were both excellent as well. 
. 





We ordered some ramen and if you check in you can get 1 free noodle refill to your broth which was great although we were too full to add more. 
 I ordered the takoyaki which was amazing. 
 Great portions and good price. 
 The chicken karaage was also good. 
 They have a bunch of great items on the menu that I wanted to try. 


I would definitely come back here when I'm in the area. 
 Server was so friendly and food was satisfying. 
 Great place. 




We had Teriyaki Chicken bowl. 
 Vegetable Ramen and Pork Ramen. 
 

We will definitely be back. 
. 



Heading out here at 12 a. 
m. 
 it was nice that this place was open until 1. 
 I was excited after reading some reviews about this place. 
 and had to try it myself. 
 

I walked in and this place was fully packed with a lot of people so I had good expectations for this place. 


I ordered the shoyu tonkotsu and was excited. 
 However. 
 once I actually tried it. 
 I was a little dissapointed. 
 Maybe it's cuz I'm spoiled with good ramen near my home area and LA. 
 . 
 no I think definitely the quality was not up to par. 


Lets start with the broth. 
 the broth has some flavor. 
 . 
s it's lacking a certain depth to the tonkotsu. 
 The broth is one of the most important parts of the ramen. 
 and even though it wasn't the worst. 
 it was off from my standards. 
 Now the egg. 
 that was alright. 
 marinated. 
 not as soft boiled as I would like it. 
 . 
 that's more of a luxury at ramen places for them to get it perfectly soft boiled. 
 The noodles were not too bad . 
 nothing spectacular. 
 

The biggest flaw in their ramen though is the chashu. 
 Chashu should be marinated for hours and slowly cooked as to be tender. 
 Every ramen place I've been too. 
 no matter which one. 
 made some kind of decent chashu. 
 Some more flavorful. 
 some more tender. 
 . 
 I have never encountered such a dry flavor less piece of chashu before. 
 I was at first impressed by the size. 
 and a little off put by how it looked. 
 . 
 once I bit into it. 
 I was dissapointed. 


However. 
 overall I think this place has good potential for growth. 
 if they can improve their broth a bit more and definitely work on the chashu a lot. 
 I could see my self giving this place 4 stars. 


Also. 
 with the topping choices they chose. 
 I personally didn't like the fact that they added bean sprouts. 
 I just don't think it went well with it. 
 But that might just be my preference so yea. 


Oh and one final thing to add to this long review. 
 if you post a photo on social media and get 5 likes you get extra noodles. 
 So that was nice. 
 Good marketing on their part. 



Overall. 
 this place is good if you are craving ramen and don't want to wait too long for your food. 
 The service here is alright. 
 I may just be the culture of the servers . 
 they seem a bit rude at times . 
 I don't think they mean to be. 
 

There are only 2 ramen restaurants in fullerton. 
 and I would come back because there isn't a long line out the door to sit at the bar. 
 I don't believe in waiting an hour to eat ramen especially if you are really hungry. 




I got the tonkotsu shiro (salt flavor) and asked for a side of spicy miso paste and added fresh garlic (yasssssss). 
 It had rich. 
good flavor without adding anything though. 
 

The service was fast and our waiter was nice. 





Review:  This place was good. 
  I did a P90X workout and an Insanity workout and I was looking for my post-workout cancellation meal that helps me gain back my Calories burned. 
  . 
  This place was pretty good ramen. 
  I got the Kuro with extra pork. 
  The ramen was pretty tasty actually. 
 and it tasted surprisingly better without extra soy sauce. 
  I made sure to be really careful and only put the soy sauce in the spoon with ramen in it. 
 just in case. 
  Lol. 
  Okay. 
 I'm giving it a 4-star cause I'm comparing it to other Ramen places that I've been to like Ippudo and Totoramen which are both from NYC. 
  I think their ramen is a little better because their pork is fuller and tastier. 
  Ippudo has the best Pork Buns too btw. 
  Anyways. 
 the ramen here is something I would go back to over and over again until I get diagnosed with hypertension 4-stars. 



The restaurant is very small and there is always a wait. 
 Worth it though. 



I'm surprised that a place that prices about $8 a bowl is this good. 
 I'm assuming it's to cater to CSUF students . 
 it's a huge plus for some of us outsiders. 
 I ordered a small Saporro (only $3. 
50). 
 karaage. 
 and the shiro broth with a side of bean sprouts and corn. 
 I wish the karaage were cut smaller . 
 the meat was very well marinated and juicy. 
 The shiro was delicious: the broth (I think tonkatsu?) was rich. 
 the noodles were soft. 
 and the egg was boiled just enough to still have that liquid yolky center. 
 The side of bean sprouts they gave for only 50¢ was big enough to share with my party of three. 
 The service is actually quite good for how busy they are. 
 The servers are quick to take orders and quite attentive during the meal. 



We'll be back. 
 . 
 maybe not loyal regulars. 
 (:


The Service: Not bad. 
 They checked with us about every 15-20 min. 
 were really friendly. 
 and accommodating. 
 One of them accidentally spilled half a pitcher of water all over my pants. 
 . 
 mistakes happen. 
 They offered us free dessert as an apology. 
 my friend readily accepted it. 


The Parking: Plenty of space. 


Overall: I would definitely come back to try out more of the food. 
 Perhaps I'd wear swimming shorts this time. 
 though. 



I heated up the broth again once I got home before adding it to my bowl of noodles. 
  The broth was full of flavor . 
 a little too salty and thick for my taste. 
  It was a pretty heavy broth. 
  I usually drink alot of the broth . 
 I just couldn't with this one. 
   The noodles were thin with just the right amount of firmness. 
  It also comes with bean sprouts. 
 bamboo shoots. 
 scoop of spicy miso paste. 
 slices of chasu. 
 and half of a soft boiled egg. 
  The chasu was tender and thick. 
 and I really enjoyed the soft boiled egg. 
  Not much to say about the California roll . 
 I liked that they put in alot of imitation crab to the roll. 
  

Overall. 
 its a decent bowl of ramen. 
 The establishment itself is very small and located next to a busy Pieology so I can imagine there being a wait during it's peak hours. 
  Parking is scarce . 
 it's in a huge complex so you can always park a little further and just walk. 



Hubby and I weren't super hungry so we decided to share the Tonkatsu shoyu ramen and teriyaki chicken. 
 At first we weren't sure if they'd be cool about us sharing a ramen because we have been to a place where they charged extra to share a bowl. 
 gut they were very nice and even gave us an extra bowl and utensils. 
 Teriyaki was very tender and juicy. 
 and you get a good amount of chicken smothered in sauce. 
 The ramen was pretty good. 
 though lotsa bean sprouts. 
 . 
 rather tasty broth. 


Service was very fast and attentive. 
 We got our food rather quickly. 
 

So far no complaints. 
 So why the 3 stars?. 
?. 


Well both of us woke up in the middle of the night (and mind you we normally do not do this) with extremely dry mouth and an unquenchable thirst which only means one thing: too much MSG. 


If you are cool with MSG. 
 then by all means try it out . 
 hubby and I will have to pass next time. 




Among the delicious menu. 
 they are an authentic ramen shop open until 1AM with good specials. 
 Their lunch specials pretty much gives you an extra entree on top of a bowl of ramen (. 
 it does not come with an egg though so make sure to order that separate if you're ordering lunch). 



order of chicken karagge. 
 The ramen bowls are HUGE (like 2. 
5x the size of a normal one) and they come with a lot of different things in the soup. 
 Both the soups were pretty flavorful. 
 I liked the spicy miso better. 
 They both sort of lacked a strong umami flavor that I was really looking for though. 
 The karagge was pretty good. 
 . 
 had some tendons and cartilage that I wasn't too fond of. 
 Maybe it was a bad day. 
 I was actually sort of disappointed because a lot of people I know like this place. 
 I will definitely give it another try though and try more things on their menu


I ordered the AKA (Spicy Miso) Ramen. 
  Broth was pork flavored with a scoop of spicy chili paste. 
  Nothing fancy. 
  The bowl had one-piece of pork. 
  Broth tasted okay. 
 . 
 it was a little on the salty side. 
  Was not spicy at all. 
  Disappointed that they don't ask customers how firm they want their noodles. 
 or whether you wanted extra noodles when you were finished. 


Ordered the gyoza at the same time as the ramen. 
 and the gyoza came out super quick. 
  The ramen came out close to 30-minutes after we finished the gyoza. 
  All the ice had melted in our water cups. 
 which took forever for someone to come by and offer refills. 


Parking is not friendly in this plaza. 
  If you're lucky. 
 you can get right up in the front. 
  Else. 
 you have to share the lot with plenty of other food establishments. 
 

Overall. 
 the food was okay. 
  The wait was terrible. 
  Service can definitely be better. 
  If you're in the CSUF area. 
 and looking for some decent ramen. 
 check this place out. 
  If you're looking for Hakata style ramen. 
 you won't find it here. 


Enjoy. 


Great service . 
 friendly staff . 
 
Place is small waiting list . 
 Be prepared to wait 
Well worth the wait



The waitresses are super nice. 








The broth I would give it 3-4 stars. 
 I don't mind the saltiness. 
 . 
 over here is just a tad bit saltier than usual. 
 The vibe is awesome. 
 It would be nice if the place were bigger. 
 . 
 then it is surrounded by a few college campuses which is understanding. 
  Service is very good here. 
 I would come back for more. 





Small place with bar seating. 
 I would highly recommend and come back. 



The servers are very courteous and welcoming. 
 interesting music plays. 
 and I feel calm here. 
 
On Friday I can't eat meat so I got the veggie ramen . 
 it strangely had meat in it. 
 I brushed it off and gave the meat to my friend. 
 
Last Wednesday i came with a group of 6 and we could only split the check up to 4 . 
 it's understandable. 
 I got the kuro ramen with extra chashu and noodles. 
 it's good . 
 next time I'll get the mapo don beef bowl just cuz :p. 
 
Their promotional ad is pretty handy if you're super hungry (get 5 likes minimum on social media to get free extra noodles) totally worth. 



If you're a fan of Yoshinoya this is basically a better version of their Beef and Teriyaki Chicken Bowls. 
 The only downfall for me is that you can't substitute the toppings that come with the bowls with another topping. 
 so if you wanted a certain topping that are . 
50. 
 you would have to pay for it. 
 

it does get busy and it is a fairly small location . 
 overall worth it. 










I never waited more than 10 minutes to get seated here unlike other Ramen locations in SoCal. 
 The menu is simple and they have some nice deals like "Buy a Beer get an Appetizer for $1". 
 

Ramen itself is just okay. 
 Really heavy broth . 
 lacks flavor. 
 I usually order the Aka Ramen and end up having to add more chili powder to get that kick. 
 I get full more than halfway through with the Aka Ramen and I'm sure thats because of the heavy broth. 
 

The noodles itself were decent at best. 
 Unlike other Ramen shops. 
 this was was all tangled and uneven. 
 This made it impossible to "slurp" the noodles. 


I do love how quick the Ramen comes out. 
 how they all come with all the little tidbits that you would have to pay extra for at some other locations. 
 and how welcoming the servers are. 






I really like this place. 
 It's good. 
 cheap. 
 open late. 
 and good service. 
 What more can you really ask for? It's ramen for Christ's sake. 
 Do you want the noodles to come out and dance for you? It's yummy and tasty. 
 Five stars for me and I don't even like ramen. 
 :)


However. 
  What's Up Men provides complex dishes with great flavors and textures. 
  I had the Aka. 
  a spicy miso broth noodle with pork. 
  and it was excellent. 
  Also I ordered the Fried Chicken side. 
  which was very crunchy. 
 freshly hot. 
  and accompanied with some good sauces. 
  And the ice tea was some of the best I've had. 
  

Also the staff were very friendly and the restaurant had an urban charm. 
  An added plus is that they are open beyond midnight making them a great alternative to late night fast food. 
  I have been converted to this wonderful noodle joint. 



I ordered the Kuro ramen ($8. 
50) which is a tonkatsu shoyu pork based broth. 
 I thought the broth was a little fatty for my taste. 
 My S. 
O. 
 ordered the Aka ramen ($9. 
25) - a spicy miso pork based broth. 
 I actually preferred the flavor of the Aka ramen. 
 . 
 I didn't think it was very spicy. 
 I would say it was more mild than spicy. 
 

For the portion size I thought it was a little overpriced. 
 They didn't have different size options either which was weird to me. 




The wait was a little longer than expected. 
 Food was fast and tasty. 
 Got the Aka Ramen. 
 A little short on the meat. 
 Maybe I forgot to ask for an egg? Service was superb. 
 The lunch special was perfect - soup and appetizer. 




Broth is good. 
 And servings are pretty large. 
 I don't usually finish my bowl. 






The ambience is a good vibe and they had reggae on rotation which is always a win in my book. 
 I was nodding my head. 
 dancing in my seat. 
 and singing along the whole time. 
 Would come again just for the music and vibe. 



I had the kuro (tonkotsu) ramen. 
 and the broth was so fattyy. 
  The flavor was there. 
 . 
 I was gasping for water at the end of the meal. 
  I couldn't even finish my soup. 
  I love that the egg is soft boiled. 
  What's different from Kopan is that the ramen already comes with toppings. 
  If you wanted extra other than the chashu meat at Kopan. 
 you'd have to pay for it. 
  But I really didn't like all the bean sprouts. 
  Go easy on that. 
 jeez. 
  My friend had the aka (spicy miso). 
 and it was spicy. 
  I thought mine tasted better though. 
  

This establishment is tiny. 
 so expect lines. 
  It's also really tight. 
 you can listen on the table next to you. 
 and they can definitely hear your conversations. 
 too. 
  Also. 
 because it's so busy. 
 expect service to be slow. 



It had the perfect amount of flavor where I don't really need to add anything to the ramen. 
 I LOVE the egg and have never tasted such a delicious egg ever before in my life. 
 The broth was just right and eating this during the cold is the best. 


In conclusion. 
 great service and great food. 
 I recommend the Aka. 
 

If you check in. 
 you also get one free extra noodle. 


Mabo tofu bowl: too salty. 
 too little tofu. 
 a little spicy. 
 Nothing memorable. 
 

Fried chicken: big portion. 
 a bit greasy. 
 It's just ok. 
 

Kimchi fried rice: a bit salty. 
 bland. 
 Meh. 
 



- Conqueror's Deduction - 
Edible . 
 nothing here is memorable. 
 
It's just no other option for Japanese food at late night. 
. 
 Sigh. 



We ordered the Kuro Ramen (Tonkotsu Shoyu). 
 Takoyaki. 
 and Chicken Karaage. 
 Everything we ordered tasted pretty authentic and I'm really picky when it comes to ramen especially their broth. 
 which was pretty good. 


Small spot . 
 the service was great. 
 I'd definitely come back here for some ramen. 



Located near CSUF. 
 the restaurant itself is pretty small. 
 We had to wait a little while because a party of 10+ decided to stay. 
chat after their meal. 
 The workers there are really friendly. 
 smiles all around. 
 

I got the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen which has a pork. 
soy sauce-based broth. 
 Pork slices were extremely tender and the egg with the soft yolk was perfect. 
 Only con for me was that the broth had a little pungent pork taste . 
 it was still tasty. 
 

Good spot for the late night crowd. 



The ramen tastes like packets of Maruchan. 
 . 
 in a good way. 
 It's savory. 
 . 
 the ramen is somewhat hard. 
 Usually at ramen places they ask for the firmness of the noodle. 
 . 
 this place takes chances. 
 The broth is nothing special. 
 definitely not Shin Sen Gumi worthy. 
 

I also tried the Kim-chi fried rice. 
 It tasted like fried rice with just a hint of kimchi. 
 Not worth getting. 
 especially if you love the kimchi taste. 
 

The takoyaki were also disappointing. 
 They were lukewarm and no squid on top. 
 Who doesn't put squid on top of takoyaki? The gall of some places

Overall. 
 this place is the only option for ramen. 
 Go here if it's your last resort. 



We were sitted quickly. 
 order taken promptly. 
 food came out in good time. 
 They were packed and the wait staff was doing there job serving everyone efficiently. 
 

Would come back again. 
 Next time I'm down south. 





I ordered the Kuro made of pork broth and found it to be quite delicious. 
 The broth was light and adequately salted so it didn't feel as though it weighed me down upon finishing it. 
 This is a plus for me because I'd be stricken with "food coma" after eating such meals. 
 . 
 I was able to study and stay productive. 
 

In the end. 
 I'll be coming back to this restaurant. 
 Despite its limited space. 
 I'm fond of the hustle and bustle within it which. 
 in my opinion. 
 adds to a better dining experience. 




I would've been fine if soup and noodles made up for it . 
 no. 
. 
. 
 another mediocre ramen place. 
. 
. 
 

Not worth the drive tbh. 



They have lunch combos you can choose from if you're extra hangry. 
 Choices including small beef bowl. 
 fried rice. 
 chicken-teriyaki. 
 etc. 


I always get the AKA ramen. 
 It's a spicy miso based ramen. 
 Soooooooo good. 
. 
. 
 I love this place. 
. 
 

This place is highly recommended. 
. 








It's more Americanized though so if you're looking for authentic ramen you may want to try elsewhere


My friend ordered the Soysauce Ramen (Kuro?). 
 and it tasted pretty diluted. 
  I ordered the Aka. 
 which is the Spicy Miso Ramen and while it has slightly more flavor than the soysauce ramen. 
 it was still lacking in spice and savoriness. 
  I felt like it should've had more flavor especially since it had a spoonful of spicy miso paste and black garlic oil. 
 They gave two thick slices of pork belly. 
 bean sprouts. 
 bamboo shoots. 
 and half of a soft-boiled egg. 
  The soft-boiled egg was perfectly soft-boiled. 
 . 
 it was just a bit too marinaded in soy sauce for it actually tasted more like a tea egg. 
  There were too many bean sprouts so each bite had more bean sprouts than ramen noodles. 
  As for the bamboo shoots. 
 I don't usually like bamboo shoots unless they are very cooked and taste similar to the broth. 
  Unfortunately this was not the case and so I gave the bamboo shoot to my friend. 
 The gyoza was pretty good and I liked how they had a bunch of different condiments on the side. 
 . 
 nothing really wowed me. 


I don't regret coming here because I love trying new ramen places. 
 . 
 I for sure prefer going to Shinsengumi or Daikokuya over this place. 


There were not too many options of meat to pick. 
 Only PORK. 

Anyway. 
 i won't come back. 



Located next to Pieology. 
 it's in a corner that might be hard to spot. 
 so I would advise to look for Pieology and it is to the right. 
 

Upon entering. 
 I immediately noticed how small the establishment was. 
 Maybe 9 spots at the bar. 
 and I think there were 5 or 6 tables? Definitely there will be a wait if it's slightly packed or if it's lunch. 
dinner rush. 
 

Onto the menu. 
 
I ordered the original ramen (soy sauce broth. 
 seaweed. 
 fish cake. 
 bamboo. 
 and a slice of pork) as well as a side of fried calamari. 
 

Overall I thought the ramen was ok. 

It was edible. 
 had a decent amount of flavor. 
 . 
 there just seemed to be something lacking. 
 I wasn't too fond of how they just gave you one piece of pork. 
 and literally one piece of everything else. 
 The broth was ehh. 
 tasted like it came out of powder packaging. 
 and the noodles were alright. 
 I've tried Shin Sen Gumi and Ajisen. 
 and it seems like a What's Up Men just couldn't compare. 
 

Service was decent. 
 Brought food out on time. 
 . 
 they seemed more interested tending their own business instead of focusing on the customer (no water refilled. 
 no coming around. 
 chit chat with each other or wiping down washed dishes). 
 

I mean I would be back if I was a starving college kid in the area with no other choice - and if I was craving ramen. 
 . 
 there really are better options for a ramen in the OC. 
 so I would pass on this one. 


Favorite is the Chanpon (seafood and veggie ramen) with side of Cha Shu pork combo. 






I'm a returning a guest as well





Parking: there are plenty of parking spot behind the restaurant. 
 so finding where to park should not be a problem. 
 

Food:We ordered 2 Cha ramen with 2 extra eggs and corns. 
 1 Takoyaki. 

Ramen was good and served in a big bowl. 
 I couldn't finish all the noodles. 
 The flavored soft boiled egg was delicious. 

Takoyaki was bomb. 
 The batter was melted inside my mouth. 
 I recommend to eat it when it's hot. 


Service: The waitress was friendly and nice. 
 

Bill:The total was $25-ish for 2 full stomachs . 



The broth was tasty. 
 the chasu was alright. 
. 
. 
. 
 It didnt have as much flavor. 
 & the california roll was larger than typical. 


I would go back because it does the job to fulfill your ramen craving. 
 If you want something extra hip. 
 this isnt your spot. 
 If you want a simple ramen setting with fast service. 
 this is for you :)




I've tried the miso. 
 spicy (not very) miso. 
 and soy ramen. 
 All three were good . 
 a tad overly seasoned. 
  I can see why some would say it's too salty. 
 

Service was friendly and efficient. 
 The last time we went. 
 it was below 40 degrees outside and everyone in Fullerton wanted ramen because the lines at all the ramen places were out the door. 
  After waiting outside near the heat lamp. 
 I readily welcomed the steaming hot bowl of ramen that came with two fat slices of pork. 
 That rarely happens. 
 Someone must have been in a good mood. 
 :)

