Best KBBQ! Excellent service, and excellent food! Dinner AYCE is $23 but it's definitely worth it! Used to eat at Gen Korean BBQ but this one beats it. Definitely give this place a try, wait might be long though 
One of my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ spots. Great for lunch and dinner. The quality of food and service is excellent. 
My new favorite AYCE KBBQ spot. We came at 6pm on a Thursday night, and the wait was about 35 minutes. By 6:30, the wait was about an hour. The service was the best I've ever received at a KBBQ restaurant. The servers were quick and friendly. I loved it! The server even brought out a kids tray for my son. So kid-friendly! The sides were all so good, and there were plenty of different sides. The meat was also some of the best that I've ever tried! I also enjoyed the small scoop of mint and chip ice cream at the end. It was the perfect way to end the meal. I'll be returning here often!The BEST KBBQ place around. Hands down. The food is delicious, they give you plenty of appetizers and don’t mind refilling them. When I asked for a lot of rice paper, guess what? They brought a ton of rice paper and kept me filled up  the whole time I was there. Most of the time, I didn’t even need to mention that I was running out and they would bring more.
They are always so courteous, the employees seem like they enjoy working here, and it show in their excellent customer service and willingness to go above and beyond for their patrons.
Over-rated... the price is comparable with most Korean BBQ in the area. The food is greatly good and the service is excellent. 
Quality of meat and service makes this Korean bbq a good time. Went with a party of six and we enjoyed almost every cut of meat from pork cheek to filet. Beer is good but they lose a star for surrounding us with tv's like this is a sports bar.
Really good near quality meat and a large selection of sides. We were recommended the marinated sirloin, which was very tender and delicious. There's no button, but the staff are very attentive. Not a fan of the birthday vuvuzela though; it was really loud and annoying. 
The facility is modern and clean.  They definitely strive for an entertaining atmosphere with great customer service.  All the servers were very nice... Looks like they hire primarily students.  There were plenty of TVs so that anywhere you sit you could see one.
Mr BBQ is amazing. Their service is outstanding. Sometimes you have to wait to be seated but it's worth it!
Food was great, service was even better. Our waiter brought us two free dishes to try out, and it was a good amount of food, even for 8 people. I would definitely be back
