Good atmosphere and nice staff. Build your our pizza or salad. Haven't tried their salad but their pizza are good. Fresh ingredients.
Thinking of having a nice, crispy, juicy, healthy, good for your wallet kind of meal?  Well,  Pieology meets all these requirements.  It's like Chipotle for pizza.  First,  you get in line(which can be really long),  and decide how many types of meats or vegetables you want on your pizza, then you can add 1 or 2, heck you can add all the meats and vegetables for the same low  price of $7.50.  The long wait can be daunting, but the speed at which you wait for your food is SERIOUSLY LESS THAN 5 MINUTES!  I timed them, seriously less than 5.  The food is ridiculously good, and the service is awesome too.  
great thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients. this place works like a subway or chipotle in that you choose your toppings as you walk down a line. good customer service, but there is a rush around dinner time so if youre planning on going during that time, it's smart to order online and pick up your pizza 
I love Pieology, especially this location. I've never had a bad experience here. The only thing that came close was the one time where the line was so long that it went around the restaurant and through the back exit door and I had to wait in line next to the ramen place next door, but that shows how good this place is. I like how you can have your pizza your way. The cinnamon dessert is also something that I highly recommend. The staff here are really courteous and helpful, the atmosphere is very chill, and parking isn't bad at all since it's in a shopping center parking lot. I definitely recommend this place. 
Only improvement could be the friendliness of the staff but overall great for a quick pizza bite. 
Love this place!   I get what I ask for.  Staff is always friendly and ready to help. More cheese?  Just say when.  More olives? Is this enough.
Great quick service pizza
Easy, fast, fresh, good quality and great staff!
I love it so much great customer service! Always clean and fast! especially very healthy only pizza I will eat now!
$8 for an unlimited toppings pizza! Awesome value, good food, great customer service. We love this place! 
