We order sandwiches for dinner to take into Disneyland. 
Everyday during our Disney vacation we'd head back the hotel for a break and get some lunch at the nearby Subway. 
 This is a typical Subway that offers great alternative to over price food in the park. 
We were visiting Disneyland for 3 days and looking for an inexpensive dinner option before we headed back to the park. 
 Greek food and Chinese food. 
 good sandwiches and good prices make this a great place for a quick lunch. 
We bought lunch here before leaving to drive back home from Disneyland. 
 The hotel had a brochure with a buy one 6 inch sub with a drink and get a 6 inch sub free. 
 I did this twice and the food was great and service. 
I stopped here for dinner one night after a long day in the Disney park. 
We popped by this subway a couple of times on our trip and the food lives up to the subway standard. 
Grabbed lunch here and the manager and staff were really friendly. 
 Subway had food that was tasty and clean whereas StarBurger next door served me a burger that came back up that night. 
Instead of eating expensive food at Disneyland. 
same food and same subs that we order back home in canada. 
 food is consistent. 
Had breakfast and supper here a few times while visiting Disney. 
 Friendly staff and good food at reasonable prices. 
25) from here for a fast and easy lunch when visiting Anaheim for the NAMM Show. 
I went here for lunch one day. 
When we were just looking for a quick snack and wanted food that we could depend on. 
We just wanted something that was somewhat healthy and an alternative to fast food. 
 The Ranch dressing tasted &quot. 
 The chicken tasted old and the lettuce was wilted. 
 Service and food were good. 
 The food was fresh and good. 
for a simple healthy food. 
 Subway was our daily stop for lunch. 
 Disneyland park food just does not have healthy choice at an affordable price
We often stop here to get lunch before heading to Disneyland or California Adventure for the day. 
 Food is just like every other Subway. 
Reliable and inexpensive for Dinner. 
We enjoyed our dinner and free cookies for completing the survey on line. 
 worth the walk if you are tired of overpriced junkfood. 
 Subway food quality. 
A nice lunch break from the park. 
Had lunch here one day and it was so nice to eat a sandwich. 
This subway was excellent it saw 24 hours open just across our hotel desert Palm hotels the service was fantastic food was great
 and so we enjoyed our dinner in our room. 
The food in subway is fresh. 
 and I bought breakfast sandwiches there instead of the expensive hotel breakfast
 either brunch before we entered the park or a late lunch around 3pm after leaving the park. 
 The food was always good and the service (once we hot used to the American way of doing things and the different menu) was always. 
Awesome for cheap and quick breakfast before heading to Disneyland. 
 pack a lunch and save money. 
After spending too much for breakfast at the hotel. 
 This was my first time having Subway for breakfast. 
 so food was as expected. 
Subway is my top choice for quick fast food. 
Great sandwiches and drinks. 
 We took our food out. 
 don't expect much to choose from particularly warm food. 
 so it's probably a good idea to plan to take your food with you. 
 This is a great alternative to Disney food - fresh and at a reasonable price. 
Friendly service and fresh food. 
We order sandwiches for dinner to take into Disneyland. 
Everyday during our Disney vacation we'd head back the hotel for a break and get some lunch at the nearby Subway. 
 This is a typical Subway that offers great alternative to over price food in the park. 
We were visiting Disneyland for 3 days and looking for an inexpensive dinner option before we headed back to the park. 
 Greek food and Chinese food. 
 good sandwiches and good prices make this a great place for a quick lunch. 
We bought lunch here before leaving to drive back home from Disneyland. 
