Love being able to select EVERYTHING on you pie for the same price. 
 Prices are very reasonable. 
 sauces and all topping all for a great price of $8. 
 It's all 1 price so you can pile it on. 
 the price was the same for all pizzas. 
Thinking of having a nice, crispy, juicy, healthy, good for your wallet kind of meal?  Well,  Pieology meets all these requirements.  It's like Chipotle for pizza.  First,  you get in line(which can be really long),  and decide how many types of meats or vegetables you want on your pizza, then you can add 1 or 2, heck you can add all the meats and vegetables for the same low  price of $7.50.  The long wait can be daunting, but the speed at which you wait for your food is SERIOUSLY LESS THAN 5 MINUTES!  I timed them, seriously less than 5.  The food is ridiculously good, and the service is awesome too.  
Their business model is outstanding and they have very reasonable prices. 
There aren't any other pizza places too close by so this is a good location for something that is delicious and inexpensive. 
For the price and the amount of food I get on my personal pizza. 
Pies are pricey. 
The price is pretty decent. 
50 (the price may have increased slightly by now). 
 For about the same price (at least. 
 Parmesan and Gorgonzala): Since I'm paying a base price that includes all the toppings I want. 
 I can always depend on the Fullerton Pieology for a great pizza meal at an unbeatable price. 
I love the concept of building your own pie for a set price. 
 A pizza dinner that you can customize with your own toppings that costs around $10 is not only delicious. 
 and while it is priced the same and the same concept. 
Same price. 
50 price so add away (be forewarned however though that the crust is extremely thin so adding more than 7 toppings or so will result in a very flimsy pizza). 
price. 
They've raised their prices and have franchises in other states?. 
 the prices have gone up to $8+8%=$8. 
Them fucking rich white folks always gotta have mo' money so they sell franchises and raises their prices instead of keeping it local. 
None the less the grub here for the price is spectacular. 
  For the price this is good. 
 and even splitting pizza in half so that you can have two types of pizza for the price of one. 
 For the price you pay. 
Cost:  Less than $9 for unlimited toppings. 
 It's all the same price anyways. 
 for a fairly decent price. 
What makes this different from your regular old pizza place is the fact that you can create your own pizza for a flat price. 
 mozzarella cheese and jalapeños cost me about $7. 
Price: 1 personal pizza = $8. 
 If you're one of those people that like to get the most out of your money you should do this because it's the SAME price for the pre-chosen pizzas (where they already list out the toppings) . 
  It was a very good pizza for a phenomenal price. 
 half price. 
It was just about the same price as Chipotle would cost ($7-$8) and you get a good sized pizza. 
Inexpensive
 My pizza was DELICIOUS and inexpensive. 
  this is a great pizza joint for a reasonable price. 
The five stars is for a fully customizable individual pizza for the incredibly reasonable price of $7. 
   at this price everyone in your party can get whatever they want. 
  The price stays the same regardless of toppings. 
 and bargain price is all great. 
 Good price if you ask me. 
Price: $7. 
+ You can have everything on your pizza for 1 low price. 
 it's definitely worth the price. 
 and about the same price. 
 The price is also pretty decent for a whole pizza with unlimited toppings. 
 decent price. 
It's inexpensive IMO and it's a simple concept. 
 for a great low price?? my pizza was delicious. 
 The price is a flat $7. 
Price:  Average cost per pizza is $7. 
Their business model is outstanding and they have very reasonable prices. 
Pros: Cost. 
