 The food is good and the price is even better. 
 The lunch menu is varied and inexpensive . 
 and at an affordable price. 
 They have lunch special menu with lower prices and small portions. 
 Wife and I love their food and is not too expensive. 
Very slow service. Food was pretty good. There are better thai restaurants for the same price elsewhere.
Food is so good, place is clean great price
Good quality Thai food at a good price.
The food is consistently good and fairly priced. The service is prompt but not friendly.
Good service, very good food at reasonable prices.
Food was good and price is reasonable.  But service is a slow, need to improve on customer service.
One of my friends said that this restaurant doesn't serve authentic Thai food, but it doesn't really matter to me. The quality and price rock and the waitresses are consistently friendly and attentive (except perhaps when every table is filled, but that's probably to be expected anyway)!
Excellent food at a reasonable price. Dinner specials are great. Friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. Perfect for a leisurely family meal.
great food at a great price.
The food is very good especially the lunch specials. The prices are more than fair. I've tried other Thai places in the area and this is my favorite when I'm in the area.
My favorite Thai eating establishment, and the prices are reasonable.  See you there....
 For the price. 
Prices are okay. 
I feel like this was overpriced for mediocre and bland dishes. 
But the food is really overpriced considering how little the portion is. 
 all of the items were a small portion for the price. 
 there was a mismatch between portion size and price. 
  Look for a restaurant with a better balance of authentic flavors and lower prices or more generous portions
  The price are also super decent. 
Price: 5. 
Prices have gone up about $1. 
 Which isnt that bad considering they dont often raise their prices. 
 veggie pad thai costs like $9. 
 My total lunch price was $11. 
 My only recommendation would be anyone desiring a bigger food serving when ordering lunch buy from the dinner menu at that serving size and price. 
-Decent food and decent prices
 The prices are reasonable for what your paying. 
 fair prices. 
Overall its a decent meal at a decent price with a decent  menu. 
Best of all the prices are very good . 
 the prices are outrageous for Thai food ($9 for most meals plus $2 for a small cup of rice?. 
 reasonably priced options so maybe I will go back and give a follow-up review
 The price was great too. 
 it costs like $9 for a lunch combo that comes with rice. 
 I suggest dining here - Good prices - great food. 
 Prices are ok. 
 not super cheap take out prices (. 
 and not super expensive. 
 the prices are a bit high and the portions smaller than i'm used to. 
 at this price. 
 the price was good. 
For the prices. 
Price - 4
 the perfect seasoning and a decently priced portion. 
Lunch specials have very good prices and satisfying portions. 
