Great Indian food at a good price and very fast service. I can be in and out in less than 5 min.
Awesome little find. Great portions for the price, and fresh Naan that won't dissapoint.
Although the selections are severely limited, each dish is very delicious. I particularly enjoy the curry goat. They also give you a lot of food per order, filling the entire carryout foam box. For the price,  it is superb value. 
Decent prices, tons of food, super delicious
Great portions of delicious, authentic food for a great price. I come here every chance I get!
Satisfy your curry cravings! This small spot offers an assortment of traditional Indian food. They pack each plate with a mountain of rice and your choice of sides. They also offer tasty, warm bread. The prices fairly reasonable. This is one of my favorite curry spots and probably one of the best around!This place is quick with good quality for its prices. 
 When that place also happens to serve bomb Indian inspired rice dishes at an amazing price point. 
 Good food and a great price is a universal phenomenon all people can understand. 
 their prices are very reasonable and you will walk out with a decent amount of food. 
 Price: 5
 Prices are very good too. 
 is on point especially for the price and speed at which it comes to you. 
The Service is fast and you cant beat the price. 
 the price is TOO GOOD. 
 reasonably priced. 
 reasonably priced. 
The portion is huge for the price. 
DELICIOUS FOOD+AFFORDABLE PRICE= PARADISE. 
 the eggplant curry and garlic naan which costs a little bit more than the regular naan. 
  The prices were O. 
 a lot more usage of spice (higher food cost. 
 both other places would be too expensive. 
 I've had a lot of Indian food before and this is as good as you can get for the price. 
 BBQ - They raised the lunch prices from $9. 
 quality and price. 
 That's like a dinner price. 
Costco - You can rave about the hot dogs and pizza all you want. 
 Their only entrée option is very expensive. 
 Prices are reasonable. 
Come here if you like great Indian food at a fair price. 
 fast and very inexpensive. 
And the prices. 
  Price is a little high. 
Prices are reasonable and comparable to all take out I've seen. 
