The prices are really good and they have many options in their menu. 
 Prices are great. 
The BBQ pork rice and spring rolls are excellent.  Service is fast and efficient.  Prices are good.
It's OK. We go here cause it's convenient and ok. To go service is a little iffy. Always seem to get something wrong. Pho is solid but apps are bland. Not the best not the worst. Slightly expensive for the taste
Overall expeirence there was ok. They have a very nice atmosphere and their service is very good. However I had the spring roll as an appetizer with noodle soup with rare beef, brisket and tendon. Compared to other places the soup was good however they give you very little tendon. The spring rolls had a very powerful taste and the sauce they had with it was not very tasty either. Above all else it was expensive for what you got compared to others. So for overall I would say that the service was really great and they had such a beautiful atmosphere however they do need improving on quality of food and the price 
For appertizer, I ordered a dish of spring rolls.  It was very fresh and tasty!  For main dish, I had pho number 1 large bowl.  The soup was so good that I drank it all!  Unlike other pho places, the meat here is all fillet mignon and fresh. The Thai tea was excellent too.  The total price was reasonable.  I was filled up and totally satisfied.
 But the price is compensated by their cleanliness in their decor and food. 
  Prices are slightly on the higher side. 
  I'm pretty sure they raised prices since the last time I was here a year ago. 
 also relatively well-priced. 
 The portions are pretty big and the prices are decent. 
(a bit expensive for pho no?) Anyway I asked the lady to give me an extra bag and a separate little side of veggies for my sister. 
Our bill came out to be around $30 for the both of us - kind of expensive for 2 bowls of okay pho and 2 spring rolls. 
I always felt that this place is overpriced . 
 price is already expensive than other places and now they starting to charge onions. 
This place average food price is $9~$10. 
 which by the way will cost you an extra dollar. 
 For the price I paid here I could go to Pho 45 at Garden Grove (excellent place) and eat twice and with a real pho taste. 
My side of veggies tasted old and cost $2. 
 Too pricey for sub-par pho. 
Overpriced. 
 and the people here are very attentive and the food is WELL PRICED. 
 Pho Crystal in Costa Mesa. 
- Prices are fair
 The prices and portions aren't that great. 
 as I thought the large which costs more than other places wasn't that big and I wasn't fully satisfied. 
 a little pricey. 
 Charged full price for food we barely ate for something they had control over. 
The price was almost $1 more than many places in Little Saigon. 
 I've had pho enough times to know that this place was overpriced and underflavored. 
 not so big to justify the high prices ($7 for small. 
 Prices were quite high for pho- large bowl of pho was about $10. 
99) which priced more reasonably. 
 I don't think you'll find a place around here that will give you better quality for such a reasonable price. 
Prices are very high for what you're getting. 
Price - $8. 
 I'm a Fan (4 stars) - The regular price for the Large is $7. 
Overpriced?  YES. 
  I don't mind paying for a little overpriced dishes IF they were great. 
  I will pay higher prices for great tasting food. 
  I did not see anywhere on the menu about vegetarian broth being more expensive either. 
 it's a bit more expensive. 
 it's the most expensive. 
 both are very reasonably priced. 
Prices are quite high for a pho shop. 
PRICE: 1 star
 their prices are higher than other Pho places. 
 For the price you pay. 
Price:  Fair compared to Irvine. 
 expensive compared to Westminster
Price: 10. 
10 Only a dollar more expensive than most pho places (my large pho tai chin was only about $7. 
 the price is affordable. 
 and it wasn't too expensive. 
Everyone their was very polite and prices were decent. 
 for the amount of food you get the price is worth it. 
  I was in and out of there with very reasonable cost. 
  The price was a little steeper than I thought it would be - about what we pay when we go out to sushi. 
 considering prices vs. 
 Also OVERPRICED. 
Yes it may cost a bit more than other Pho restaurants. 
Minus another star for their prices. 
  The serving size is a bit small for the price. 
