 to notice I was so cheered up by the staff who actually went above and beyond for me. 
  The service can sometimes be a little testy (can't blame them with the student clientele). 
[STAFF]
 customer service wasn't too out of this world . 
 the staff was pretty good at handling the line. 
Staff were nice and it's great to see Chipotle hires people from all walks of life it was a very diverse group of staff here love it. 
 I rather drive a little better for better service
 It was terrible customer service. 
Service is kinda splotchy there too. 
 so customer service can be a bit inconsistent. 
It seems like this Chipotle forgoes good service in the name of profits. 
 Service quality varies. 
 as for me Chipotles quality of food is garbage and the customer service was terrible. 
 the manager gave me one full tray when I stopped by again. 
They were probably short staffed because the cashier kept running to clean up . 
 if you don't have the resources to uphold your customer service. 
*Customer Service: 
 I am willing to drive the extra miles for the classic Chipotle service & food quality. 
The worst service. 
 it just seemed like the entire staff was in such a rush to get everyone's order done no one is working together efficiently. 
 great service. 
Just because it is fast food doesn't mean the service has to be so terrible. 
If you don't care about customer service. 
Seeing how much people complain about their customer service. 
 the service sucks. 
Definitely agree with the other ratings about the rudeness of the staff. 
the manager Chewey gave me a free entree card. 
Great customer service & delicious food here. 
THE SERVICE SUCKS. 
beans - Next bitch gives you the most stingiest serving of ingredients - Then you top it off with the a bullshit smile from the manager. 
Am I the only one? or I'm getting this service because I am Asian? Nah. 
 service sucks. 
 seems like they need a new staff. 
Alright now onto their shitty service. 
People mention that the staff is rude. 
I recommend the manager of this location to pay better attention to the way the team provides a service. 
Staffers are fast and friendly. 
The staff here is just okay. 
BUT the service sucks (compared to other locations). 
Service sucks. 
The service was great when I went. 
 for the quality and service. 
Service is quick and they're really friendly. 
 better service. 
Service is always great. 
 or just want to get the staff out of their usual burrito and burrito bowl grind. 
 The service here is pretty good. 
This branch is filled with friendly staff and the embience you expect from a tin-wrapped burrito joint. 
Service is quick here and sometimes it does feel like a fast food joint. 
Service is efficient and resembles an assembly line. 
 technically they are not closed and that is not good customer service at all. 
The staff is pretty friendly and I was always satisfied with the food. 
manager and showed him the little creatures. 
  *sigh*  At that point I was too disgusted with the gnats and the staff's behavior to even bother to complain. 
  The service was ok this time. 
the service was quick and very. 
 I started stuttering out an apology and grabbing napkins to help clean off the man when some of the staff came rushing out with a broom. 
The service is usually pretty quick though sometimes I think they focus more on getting food done quickly than being friendly and not seeming rushed. 
