 Oh and I can't forget how great the staff and service is here. 
What stands out here is the service. 
I came here today for lunch with my brother and have probably received the best service ive ever had at any Korean BBQ and ive been eating KBB for almost 10 years. 
 He exemplifies what customer service is and Mr BBQ is lucky to have this guy working for them. 
 I kind of feel bad for the staff because on top of their normal duties. 
The service was really good. 
 My server was Vanessa and she was super helpful and had great service. 
 And the service - WOW. 
 BBQ has been compared to Gen for superior quality meats and service. 
Service: fast and efficient. 
Service was so much better than other AYCE places I've been to. 
Service was attentive and price was fair. 
Service here was top notch and our server was very quick in putting in our meat orders and restocking the rice paper and other sides. 
Another bright spot here is the service. 
  Other than that the food and service is 5 stars. 
-So the service is amazing the staff are very friendly and nice and they REALLY sing and dance to you for your birthday. 
 it offers supreme service for the genre. 
The staff is wicked quick with a grill change and they make the beer flow like an avalanche. 
Service: 6 stars
Now in terms service. 
Service (4): Typical good KBBQ service. 
 that does not excuse THIS particular server on THIS particular day to to give us SUBPAR service. 
 Great quality meat and amazing service. 
 Customer Service: Top notch. 
 This place has the best customer service of any KBBQ restaurant I've been to. 
 the staff here was extremely accommodating to our party (even at the volume of customers). 
Service was ok. 
 their service was pretty good. 
 Friendly host staff and large wait staff. 
 i've been to many Korean BBQ joints and this is by far the best customer service we have experienced. 
 Kinda reminded me of Fogo De Chao Steakhouse Service . 
 Service was so good that i'm mentioning it twice. 
 service was great. 
First the service here is OUTSTANDING. 
  They actually provide service and cook and cut for you. 
Service:
 the best service I've had in a KBBQ restaurant. 
 the best service I've ever had in a restaurant in general. 
 rap song and have their entire staff dance in front of you. 
The young staff always changed the grill. 
The thing that makes this place stand out the most is the service. 
 I've had good service at KBBQ restaurants before. 
 the service was not that great. 
The staff is friendly and always willing to help. 
Service: The staff was really attentive in taking orders and bringing them out promptly and there was never a moment where I had to flag someone down. 
Service was good which you normally don't  expect from busy kbbq places. 
Service was attentive and the selection was incredible. 
 The restaurant is huge and the staff changed out the grills regularly and seemlessly. 
Service: friendly. 
 the staff is very friendly and they will give you what you ask in time. 
 and attentive service
The service here was spectacular and really set them apart from the other AYCE bbq restaurants. 
 sides are good and service here is always great. 
Service 3. 
 fast service and great price. 
 Super nice staff. 
 BBQ in Fullerton is one of the best spots and only spots I go to for the best quality food and excellent service. 
 & I go back to this location is the exceptional service. 
 The entire staff is fun. 
 and on top of customer service. 
 he is a natural at exceptional customer service. 
 What I also appreciate is their accommodating service. 
Service - incredibly prompt and friendly 
 about ten good sides plus excelent service. 
 consistently excellent service. 
Service could of not been anymore perfect. 
 True definition of customer service. 
 This establishment shines above any other Korean BBQ experience because of their stance on superior customer service. 
Service is always top notch here. 
 super friendly staff. 
Parking is always an issue here so they had to start a valet service for $2 on the weekends. 
 why it's sooo packed - their service and meat quality is really good. 
- Staff really go all out when it comes to singing happy birthday for birthday people. 
immediately service was on point from our waiter Peter who greeted us and made us feel real welcome. 
 service is always good. 
 because I always feel like service is always the hard part with Korean bbq restaurants. 
The genuine happiness on the staffs faces while singing happy birthday was a sight to see. 
NOTE: they make the entire staff sing for you on your birthday
You belong at Cham Sut Gol with your poor attitude and service. 
 The only real standout here was the service. 
 Service is good. 
Very attentive service. 
 service. 
Service was great. 
Great service. 
 Service is fast and they exchange your grill quickly too. 
 Service was superb and quick. 
The service really stood out to me here. 
Service: Awesome. 
 Too bad my sister was too shy so I didn't tell the staff it was her bday haha. 
  The service was perfect. 
The service was outstanding as well. 
 I only wish every restaurant I went to had the same level of service. 
Now here is the part that blew me away: the service for the kids. 
 Great food and service and I was glad I didn't have to wait
 Service was pretty good. 
 Service was prompt. 
The service here is absolutely amazing and easily puts big chain KBBQ competitors like Gen to shame. 
 the staff is so attentive that you'll be full before time's up. 
 And if it's your birthday the staff will totally call you out and do the Harlem Shake (https:. 
What's the price for such attentive service? A really long wait. 
service was also not what i remembered. 
 Friendly staff. 
Could easily be a 5star if the service improves. 
  They played in da club (go shorty it's your birthday) by 50 cent on the speakers and all the wait staff came out to our table singing along and cheering me. 
  The manager came by and asked how our evening and meal was at the end of our dinner and thanked us for being there as well as wishing me a happy birthday. 
One of the charms of Mr BBQ is that they have good service. 
 The best service I have gotten at AYCE. 
 that was the best service I received in America. 
 And they definitely made up for the service we received before. 
Also can't forgot the exceptional service that we had from our server. 
Great service. 
Service: Always great. 
Service here is: BEYOND EXCEPTIONAL. 
 Really speedy service even though it was so busy. 
The wait staff is awesome. 
 Service overall is just okay. 
Service: Fantasic. 
Cleanliness:  Just as great as the service
Service was dedicated waiters rather than the zone defense most ayce places employ. 
Service was really good. 
As for the service. 
 I'm a server too and I really really appreciated the great customer service she provided. 
They honestly possess top notch customer service. 
 Service is excellent and although the speed of meat slowed a bit after our first hour or so. 
 Service was excellent. 
 Very exceptional and prompt service from her. 
Service here is great. 
 every worker provides great customer service. 
 service is great. 
I'm only giving them 4 stars because the wait time is ridiculous and the service was meh. 
 service was not the greatest and we were not checked on very often. 
 one must comment on the noticeable high level of customer service here. 
- - service - -
 for the great service. 
 the food and the service were exceptional. 
Service:
  The service was great. 
Great service. 
The service was nice and friendly. 
 Service has always been on point. 
Our service was really great. 
STEPH JUDGEMENT: Quality and service are great . 
Service was friendly and attentive save one slip-up toward the middle of our meal when one order lapped the previous one. 
 The food and the service were on point. 
 BBQ's staff offer great service and are attentive. 
 Service is a bit slow and they might miss whatever you order sometimes. 
Costumer service was the only thing that was Excellent   
Won't find service like this at Disneyland haha. 
  Really great KBBQ food and drink and service all around. 
The service was insanely friendly. 
 It's very high quality and the service is amazing. 
 attentive service. 
Thank you Brian or Breezy for your excellent service. 
 that's probably just because they want to make sure the staff has enough time to provide stellar service to their guests. 
 the staff is friendly. 
Service here is awesome. 
But what really blew me away was the service. 
Service. 
 Food and service are A1 top notch. 
 I had such amazing service here with how accommodating they were about everything we asked for. 
 the best service that I've ever recieved at any kbbq place. 
 I was so happy with our service. 
 The WHOLE entire floor staff came out with like tambourines and a bazooka (is that what it's called? Idk) and sang Happy Birthday to her. 
I love this place and will definitely be back for the fine service and delicious food. 
  Service is above-average. 
The customer service here is also outstanding. 
 This is probably one of the first kbbq spots I've been to without a service bell. 
The staff though is really nice which is why I gave it 2 stars. 
Service: Their food is what keeps me coming back . 
 their customer service is what puts them over the top from those other KBBQ restaurants in Orange County. 
  If only all restaurant service was like theirs. 
 Truly great customer service from top to bottom. 
 Their food is amazing and their customer service is even better. 
 Customer Service
 BBQ once you get seated from the long wait is the service. 
 well worth it for quality and some of the most attentive service of my life. 
And the service was great. 
Service is great. 
 customer service:  is amazing even though they weren't our waiters. 
Service: Service here is good. 
 great service. 
 and overall excellent service. 
THE SERVICE IS AWESOME . 
 All the staff was gracious. 
 I would come here again for the service and atmosphere. 
The service was great though. 
Mr BBQ has won me over with superb service and great selection of quality meats. 
Service was incredible. 
 just writing this makes me want to cry because I've never had such amazing service. 
 Lol so girly right? But thank you for the full service . 
  Top notch service. 
Service: 5 Stars
 The service is really good here compared to many other places. 
 Love that nearly all of the staffs party it up when it's your birthday and blasting edm. 
 They do charge $1 for this service. 
Outstanding service. 
Along with that the service has always been a plus. 
 It is the first time in a long time that we have seen and experienced such service. 
 terrific meats and delicious banchan coupled with INCREDIBLE service. 
 Amazing how have such incredible service takes everything up a notch. 
  Christine seriously has made me question every putting up with the way sub par service we have gotten here and there for the sake of decent food. 
 I look forward to returning for both the meal and the service. 
The service was fantastic and the quality of meat was fresh tasted great and seemed to be of the highest quality. 
