 The restaurant seemed to be understaffed. 
Service. 
 If you don't care for the quality of the food or service and just want to watch a football game. 
SERVICE
Great service. 
 I was unaware that this was our fault that the staff here went to every single table . 
 due to other one and two star reviews complaining about the horrid customer service even on slow days. 
It seems that bad service is a common issue at this location. 
Your additional bad attitude to customers who had a bad experience is also a reflection of you and the staff here as this seems to be common practice. 
 complaining about his horrible customer service experience at another business makes this even more hypocritical and funny. 
I don't know why other reviewers gave them only 1 star claiming their service is terrible. 
 the service will be slower. 
 the service stood out. 
The manager greeted me warmly. 
 But the service? The blonde girl who waited on our table was snotty and is the reason why we now walk right past their restaurant anytime we're nearby. 
 one star for service. 
 Great service. 
 you see waiters and or managers hustling about getting things done. 
It is clear by watching the staff work. 
 the service would be horrible. 
 Both times we've been here on Monday & Thursday the service has been good. 
 I'll leave you 20% on average service and up from there so just want you to know you earned all 10%
I am editing this to add that the server and service was excellent. 
 the crowd was getting ruckus and the staff swapped the sound from the television across the way to the screen directly above my wife. 
 the Groupon we have is ONLY good for this fabulous location whose service is horrendous. 
 service and food was outstanding . 
  Not only did the manager change the station. 
 Service is good. 
 I think I saw a floor manager. 
The manager brings out the side of fries - finally. 
 If I'm gonna pay 19 bucks for a medium 2-topping pizza I expect more than a bunch of forgetful staff members and having to clean my own booth and get my own plates. 
Service is annoying. 
  Usually the associate managers are the ones in charge. 
The service was not so bad as other reviews mention. 
 their house brew is perfectly serviceable. 
  We dig good service. 
Service: excellent. 
 Jasmine the manager was very attentive and super nice. 
Service was average. 
  We went to the one in Tustin by our house and we weren't impressed with the food or service. 
 service and prices need to be improved. 
Service: Taylor. 
What didn't do it for me this trip was the service. 
 the service leaves much to be desired. 
 service is 2. 
 frustrated only because the service was slow and the excuse. 
 the service was horrid. 
 I can go on and on about the service . 
 that means I'll be spending more time describing the service itself than the actual service I received. 
 don't go here unless you want to have terrible service. 
every time we come here the food is really good and the service is good as well. 
Service was great. 
 with a great staff. 
Service overall was good . 
The service was atrocious. 
The manager tries to resolve the situation and gets us another. 
 As we were leaving I asked another associate to speak with the manager. 
 who is the manager on duty? Our waitress. 
 I just went to the manager. 
  I just paid the bill anyway because I was just over the situation and the manager wouldn't do anything about it. 
Service was OK - I could see why others complained. 
 I simply feel they are under staffed. 
 The bartender even acknowledged that it was pricey and that she should validate my ticket "just in case" - which I thought was good service. 
 Very Good Happy Hour Menu - pizza needs a bit of work and a little slow on service. 
 it is so loud I'd wager the staff should be legally required to wear hearing protection. 
I do have to take two stars off for service. 
 It seems that they staff the restaurant with only a few of the same servers and bartenders because that's who I see working every time I come in. 
 They seem consistently understaffed and on multiple occasions I have had to wait more than 10 minutes for service. 
One time we watched the assistant manager smoke a cigarette and chit chat with the manager outside while my food order was wrong. 
 Service always amazing. 
We stood around for a few minutes to be seated since no one was manning the front desk. 
 new server or hopefully they can work it out between the staff instead of front of the customer which they did). 
One of the manager's who's a woman needs to be FIRED. 
 Worst service ever. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 the service was atrocious. 
 The worst part was hearing every other table and bar patron complain about the wait & the staff's attitude. 
 the bar was severely understaffed. 
Service wasn't very attentive. 
One of the manager's who's a woman needs to be FIRED. 
 Worst service ever. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 the service was atrocious. 
 The worst part was hearing every other table and bar patron complain about the wait & the staff's attitude. 
 the bar was severely understaffed. 
Service wasn't very attentive. 
 not the service. 
 We were greeted promptly at the desk and our waiter was quite prompt with menus and taking our drink order. 
Service on the other hand was pretty Damn bad. 
 Then the bartenders serving us were sitting in a back corner eating and talking while they had people who clearly need service( including our table). 
 Highly disappointed in service food was enough to give them 2 stars. 
The service is amazing I mean if you get a chance to be served by zack hes awesome tip him $20 cause this will be the best service ever. 
The staff is just so friendly in general. 
 Tons of staff. 
Complained to the manager and left. 
 and table service to boot. 
The staff is helpful and friendly. 
 the service sometimes slower for bigger groups. 
 wait staff will take the time to patiently explain the beer selection to my hard of hearing husband. 
