 Greeeaaaaatt customer service. 
 and just left since it was probably the worst service I've ever received anywhere. 
Service is lacking. 
Service: We had 2 welcoming servers and they both wore smiles on their faces the entire time. 
Service here is fast. 
 you still get great service. 
The service was a bit spotty and even though we were very nice and said thank you with a smile. 
 Service - Very friendly. 
  The staff was friendly and really nice. 
Service is good. 
 Even though service was friendly and they bring the food out to you in a timely manner. 
The service was just as crappy as it was the first time. 
 really really bad service. 
 below average service. 
Mediocre to poor service. 
Friendly staff. 
 the service was ultimately attentive in the beginning . 
Pho Olivia is nicer than most noodle spots and the service was friendly and helpful which is absolutely non-existent elsewhere. 
Service 4. 
 Bonus points for how quick the service is here. 
5) worse part about this entire situation is the manager. 
 So any thoughts that the service was poor because they were busy cannot be used. 
In conclusion this establishment has horrible service for mediocre food. 
The place looks very nice and the people that work here are very polite and offer a great service. 
Service was nice and quick. 
Service: A
 with great service? I'm down. 
 The service is friendly and prompt. 
-Service was great. 
Service was excellent as the servers came by our table frequently. 
 The interior was upscale and clean and service was great. 
Service was friendly and quick. 
 so was the service. 
 Their customer service is POOR. 
Very clean and very friendly staff 
  The staff warm and friendly. 
 they did have control on customer service. 
 The service was prompt and courteous. 
  The service was excellent and welcoming. 
The service here is fast. 
 the staff can see everyone. 
  Overall the food was very good and service was friendly and prompt. 
honest service. 
Now for the Service. 
The service is pretty bad though except for the host he's very friendly. 
Service was kind and smiley. 
Service on the other hand was excellent. 
 The service is awesome. 
Service - Yay. 
Customer Service (Complimentary) - Yay. 
Service
   That kind of customer service screams. 
Customer service sucks with mediocre pho soup. 
 Then I told the manager. 
Customer service is horrible. 
 I have never seen worse customer service in my life. 
A star for good service tho. 
The staff is very attentive and very very friendly. 
SERVICE AND SETTING
  Service tends to be decent. 
SERVICE: 1 star
Wasn't expecting much from service since Pho places aren't known for greeeeat service you know? . 
 clean and the staff are always pleasant. 
 the service was good. 
The service was a little slow. 
 Food is great and service is great. 
 their service was in my opinion excellent. 
The service is always great and efficient. 
 I love the service and the atmosphere so much (and what I've got isn't contagious) I decided to dine in and I wasn't disappointed. 
Service like all Pho places was fast. 
Service:  Good. 
The service here was mediocre. 
Service: 10. 
 You walk in and are immediately greated with warm friendly service. 
 Food arrived within minutes of orders (literally the fastest sit down service I've ever had). 
 the ambiance is relaxing and the service couldn't be better. 
  The staffs are very friendly and their service is of the highest quality. 
Olivia- you need a new rule for your wait staff: NO LAPTOPS IN THE RESTAURANT. 
 The shorter waiter just couldn't break his attention away from what appeared to be a movie on the laptop in the staff booth at the rear. 
 And gotta mention the service is great too. 
 very rare to receive good service at any vietnamese restaurant. 
Service was attentive. 
The staff was really nice as well. 
  Staff was great - made recommendations and were very nice. 
The staff was very friendly and the decor is elegant. 
I've been here twice now and each time the service has been impeccable. 
 I sure do love a place with good service. 
 service. 
The staff is friendly & the ambiance. 
Very good service. 
  Service is always attentive. 
  Here you get good food and good service with an ambience of RELAX . 
 One waiter also had pretty good service and came to refill our drinks without being asked. 
 and friendly service makes this a pleasant pho cafe to dine at. 
