The staff here is super nice. 
SERVICE
Service during my visit is probably the only thing that is saving this review. 
 was the manager and so understanding of all my issues. 
 and the staff is friendly so there's no real reason not to come unless you just don't like Panera. 
Service- Average
 I want service. 
Customer Service: 5. 
 I thought this location was quite lacking in service. 
The service was not terrible. 
 the managers need to be friendlier at the registers (you can spot them in black. 
 They're even worse at customer service than their associates. 
     The place was disheveled and the staff were all college kids standing around talking in a group of 4 with their regular clothes on and one of them wearing their back pack. 
Service here is usually great and friendly. 
 service is good. 
   What confirmed the genuineness for me was Chris (manager? If not. 
 with subpar service (at least this location). 
 3 staff members busy handing inventory sprang to their registers the moment 3 customers approached the counter. 
The service was not terrible. 
 Customer service there is great and I haven't had any issues with my food at all. 
 having gone this far with their services. 
 is the staff. 
*There were plenty of staff standing around texting or chit chatting 
Corporate needs to hire a seasoned Manager older than 35 to manage this site. 
 The chirpy Manager seemed more concerned with being everyone's friend and being positive than adhering to the healthcode standards or cleanliness or managing staff. 
Service remains hit or miss. 
  This is the service that I get most of the time. 
 the deities smile upon me and make the experience a pleasant one by providing a cashier who actually does give a fack about her impact on the customer service issue. 
 Anthony (the manager) didn't even give me a choice between bread or chips. 
 The manager was a little hasty. 
 minus 1 more for the manager's sauciness. 
I'm writing a review today based on service here. 
That's awesome excellent service. 
drink) is it's huge and the staff don't bother you if you're there for hours working on a project. 
 the service is fairly prompt. 
Service is minimum wage quality. 
The cashiers could use some courses in hospitality though. 
I found both the quality of the food and the service to be inconsistant here. 
Sometimes the staff is great. 
 I'm pretty sure your rude behavior is in no way motivating to the staff. 
 the service has always been superb. 
great staff. 
The staff are good. 
They have decent service. 
 and spoke with the general manager. 
Staff is helpful. 
 The manager said that there is a fresh urn brewing . 
Also the service is AWFUL. 
 The managers with the exception of Mike all have terrible manners and talk about personal matters in front of customers. 
 she asked the manager where she could find it and the manager said. 
 Too bad poor customer service was noticeable in the five minutes I was there. 
  Service used to be good . 
 now it seems staff got their training cut short. 
 I recently went to Panera for brunch take-out and had the worst service ever from the cashier. 
 One thing I can't complain about is the manager. 
Staff is attentive and friendly. 
 The service is usually excellent. 
 The staff is courteous and friendly. 
 the service is great. 
The service is always great. 
  The service is always really great. 
The service here was okay. 
 the food quality and great service is well worth the extra $$. 
 and the service is painfully slow and crazy. 
 the food and service are bleh. 
 They're staff are crazy nice and fast and efficient even though they are always busy. 
This place has terrible customer service. 
