Service was terrible today. 
Staff has always been good. 
To start: the staff is awesome. 
Customer service is good. 
Service:
- Good service. 
The service has always been good. 
Customer Service: 5. 
SERVICE
Today service was lacking. 
 and service is delivered often and with a smile. 
 so we know what real Thai food is and are used to excellent service. 
Service is good . 
 I had really great service and then the last time I went the service was really bad (maybe it was because it was busy). 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 They don't have the best customer service . 
Service was friendly and attentive. 
If service is a little faster and a little more friendly. 
 This place is really busy during dinner and unfortunately it's around that time that service starts to slack a little. 
I'm impressed with how good the service is considering how busy this place gets around dinner. 
 their pick up and online service is amazing too :)
The service is good. 
 The service is definitely a big reason on why this place is as good as it is IMHO. 
The service is quick and the place is very clean. 
 the customer service is HORRIBLE. 
 Seriously some of the RUDEST service I've ever been subjected to. 
Service was good. 
 Only thing was that the wait staff talked a lot and forgot to refill our water more than once. 
The food wasn't that great enough for me to want to come back anymore and the service was terrible. 
  Service was ok and I had nothing to complain about in that area. 
 service was fine. 
It gets pretty packed on Friday evenings so be prepared to wait and have slow service. 
 Staff was super friendly. 
 I asked the lovely staff what menu items are best for hands and take out. 
Friendly service . 
 The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. 
 Between the horrible service and mediocre food this is definitely not on my list to return to. 
With the customer service they have (which is common in most Asian restaurants). 
 Super friendly staff. 
The customer service isn't great. 
Looking at some of the other reviews I'm really surprised to see complaints about the service and the food. 
 as does the chef and staff. 
 though Cal State is only blocks away and a lot of faculty and staff head there for lunch. 
It's a shame because the service was a disappointment (to us at least) and it seems like their portions shrank over the years. 
 Service isn't the best. 
Service:
Typically when I review I compare against other Thai restaurants I've been to and the level of food standard and service. 
 While we were eating the entire staff was standing. 
 The staff is great. 
Service can be a bit lacking as they seemed to be understaffed during peak hours. 
Service: 
 The service is decent. 
 The staff is friendly and quality of food is very tasty. 
The staff is friendly as well. 
The only downfall I can see if the crowds and the service. 
The service here wasn't that great when I went. 
BUT it's okay because I care more about food than service. 
 Service is SO good here. 
 i like the service & the food is consistent and tasty enough to satisfy my thai food cravings. 
 Service was good. 
The customer service was good at first . 
 that sort of preferential service is a bit rude. 
 The service was okay and every time I've gone. 
Service - 4
Friendly service. 
Service was fast and friendly. 
