 The food was wonderful - well cooked. 
 the ingredients all taste very fresh. 
 Love the fact you can taste the beers before ordering. 
 This is a walk up and order place with food brought to you. 
Decent food . 
 For basically a fast food place the prices are way out of line. 
Great food. 
While you can get all sorts of gourmet burgers here and this is a nice change from the fast food chains. 
 the onion rings are by far the best I have ever tasted. 
 Because I only put ketchup and tomatoes on my burgers the taste of the meat and bun is very. 
Wonderful place and great food. 
 Food was great and service was excellent. 
 The food. 
 The fish and chip burger had no flavor. 
 The service was very friendly and we got our food pretty quickly. 
Good fast food, good prices and good choice in combos. Need to be more clean and organized.
I was two cents short and the young lady gave me real nasty attitude,  if such a problem for them then don't work in fast food.  The food was O. K. and I would go back again.  The fries were fresh after they gave me a small fry instead of the large I ordered, so they had to cook more! So besides the bad customer service by the one female,  it was O. K. 
The food is okay but if you get something from the doller menu , it feels like your getting nothing , it doesn't fill you up like McDonalds. But the ice coffee is really good and I've went back for seconds. Better then Starbucks and cheaper.
 Who wants old hard cold food???
The customer service is terrible with an employee and her boyfriend spreading mulch and then going to the counter to take your order and to handle your food. 
 food and orders and even just people being who they are. 
not only for the food . 
 I asked if they could fill up my drink behind the counter and they said that one was out of order too. 
 Horrible food quality compared to other Burger Kings. 
 it took me FOREVER to get my drinks. 
To make matters even worse the smoothies tasted terrible. 
the bun on my burger tasted old and hard 
 the manager was working and he had my food ready and i came to pick it up and checked my order for accuracy. 
