Even though not being a big fan of mexican food. 
Went here with a group of friends and saw that the place was good for groups . Very lively and nice atmosphere inside and friendly staff. The food was still sizzling when it came out and the fajitas we ordered were very tasty! All the ingredients were fresh and had great flavor. Would definitely recommend to anyone and will be back !
Nice seating arrangement. Good food .better views.
Delicious food, the best place to minus your hunger. Super fast service.
Delicious food, great atmosphere. Great service. 
They are usually busy but they care to listen to what you need and make your food the way they should! i have been going there for the past 3 years and absolutely love this location. plenty of sitting also!
 I come in and order my food and I can't help . 
 I was so much more happier when I sat down to eat my food. 
I'm giving it 4 stars because overall I've had good experiences and the taste of Chipotle is amazing. 
The only thing that still taste good is the chips. 
Food is still good. 
felt like the little soufflé cups that you put ketchup in at most fastfood places. 
[FOOD]
 The food is always fresh tasting and piping hot. 
 It's still a lot of food overall. 
 you'd think I asked for extra food for free. 
 The food needs flavor. 
 Tasted like. 
 The food is too good to avoid haha. 
 Don't go here if you want 'fast' food. 
I rather eat across the street where it will fill me up for a cheaper price along with great taste. 
 This food is DELICIOUS. 
 there are actually quite a few different items you can order as you build your own meal to suit your own tastes. 
 and it's all up to you and your individual tastes. 
 and absent hormones or antibiotics so you can feel as confident about the health benefits as you do about the taste. 
 The chicken is the best tasting chicken you can get for a fast food chain. 
So there goes my food down the food line while i stay behind the patrons in front. 
 But what can you expect? The food court at CSUF is absolutely terrible and this is one of the few places around that serves quality food. 
 The tortillas are the freshest that I have ever tasted. 
 as for me Chipotles quality of food is garbage and the customer service was terrible. 
 this place has flies flying around everywhere getting near the food and by far got the least amount of food here out of all the chipotles ive been to. 
If you're doing catering lemme recommend this: cover your food until you serve. 
 I understand if there are corporate standards that only permit workers to give you a certain amount of food. 
 what grossed me out was she was cleaning around the trash and stuck her hand in there to push it down then ran back to the register and was handling the food and closing tops to containers. 
 and lettuce for a grand total of 485 calories and 11 grams of fat which isn't bad considering the huge portion and the fact it's fast food. 
  All the ingredients tasted really fresh and went well together. 
I go here when I want a Mexican food kick . 
 don't want to risk food poisoning by going "authentic". 
*Food Quality:
 they obviously don't care about the food they're serving. 
 I am willing to drive the extra miles for the classic Chipotle service & food quality. 
this is always a good choice to come and grab some lunch for an inexpensive price. 
The food was good at least. 
 and tasty as hell food. 
Just because it is fast food doesn't mean the service has to be so terrible. 
They need to really maintain quality control of their food. 
The food here is OK here . 
 my real gripe are the prices they charge for their food. 
 I can't remember the last time I paid $10 for to go food and the quality being mediocre. 
 I want to be able to bite into beef that's lean and doesn't take me 30 chews to get the food down. 
 I checked out their food calorie content. 
 Makes me wonder why I exercise and still continue to make poor food choices. 
 I didn't come here for a dinner and a show. 
 next time I'll skip the lunch and go next door to shop at Total Wine & More. 
It's a lot of food for your money. 
I don't come  often only cuz I can think of other places to spend less than $6 on Mex-style food. 
The only issue with this location is the amount of people who come here during the lunch rush. 
The food is as good as you can expect chipotle to be - . 
Love the food here. 
Love the food. 
It was in the middle of the lunch rush and they ran out of chicken for maybe 5 min. 
Great customer service & delicious food here. 
 they did give us 2 free drinks. 
 I went there with my boyfriend for Sunday night dinner and we both got the burrito bowls. 
 she adds the pico de gallo and cheese and literally throws my food towards the cashier. 
 always give me crap for eating at Chipotle because it's not "authentic" Mexican food. 
 do I look Mexican to you? Do you actually think I would know the difference between "authentic" and non-authentic Mexican food? Come on. 
 if the food taste good. 
 I would have given this place a 4 stars for their food. 
 The hell you think this is pre-school sit down and eat your food don't hulahoop in front of me ya loser. 
*Tastes the same as any other Chipotle. 
 But the food makes up for it. 
Pros: quick lunch & close to school
 we went for dinner and. 
 the food was fresh and the portion was so generous. 
 Just wanted to get a late dinner from being at school all day. 
 double-check your food for bugs. 
AND if you have the time and chance to (if you find a critter in your food) go complain. 
 I love places like this because you literally make your food how you want it done. 
 And if it doesn't taste good. 
 I thought the "typical lunch hour" was over so there wouldn't be that much of a wait. 
I rather wait to eat lunch when I get home or just eat somewhere else in general. 
and this location prob has the most seats in the complex -- the parking lot gets full during the week at lunch so carpool. 
My food of choice is the burrito. 
 I do not experience the food coma (insulin spike). 
 and they give a little more food :)
  They have high-quality food that always tastes delicious. 
  They follow the statement "Food With Integrity" which is always a big plus. 
tastes so good with the guacamole :)
Around lunch time. 
 They always serve good portions of the food. 
The only bad thing is that if you go during lunch time. 
No - It's not authentic Mexican food. 
 Honestly it's a huge fast food chain how authentic do you want it. 
 So basically because Chipotle wants to be stingy with a few cents worth of food. 
 its often not long before you are done paying for your food and finding a seat. 
The quality of the food is excellent. 
 I still get it because it tastes so good. 
 didn't you give up fast food for Lent?"
  "Let's define fast food. 
Service is quick here and sometimes it does feel like a fast food joint. 
 the ingredients are fresher and taste a bit better. 
 you can place your order online and cut the long lunch line. 
  ~$6 for lunch. 
 and far be it from me to tell anyone how to order their food. 
  I've never had a Chipotle refuse to prepare my food like that. 
  It's been so BAD that they have compensated by giving my entire office free lunch and there were still items wrong even on the compensation order. 
The only time I will come here now is when I am desperate and forget my lunch on the counter at home. 
This location gets CRAZY crowded during lunch so come early (before 11:30) or expect a long wait (and no available seats). 
The staff is pretty friendly and I was always satisfied with the food. 
 there is always a line and don't even think about going there during lunch time if you do not have 20 extra minutes to wait in line. 
 and if you have a student id freee drink. 
cheap fast yummy food :)
 the food is good. 
During lunch hours. 
 I only ate half and am saving the other half for dinner. 
The service is usually pretty quick though sometimes I think they focus more on getting food done quickly than being friendly and not seeming rushed. 
 there's times where your burrito will get well ahead of you while in line and you have to shout what you'd like on it across a number of people because the cash register can't keep up with the people making the food. 
 The tables are rarely cleaned off by the workers and pieces of food frequently cover the floor. 
 Too much food. 
