 I had some kind of Breakfast Burger that had just about everything they sold on it. 
Burgers are better than any other Fast Food place. 
 good place to go when you come back late from a park or event and need a quick Dinner
 food was hot and better than your average fast food place. 
 their milkshakes and malt drinks are superb. 
For fast food . 
 When the leaf lettuce and the char broiling it tops my list of great fast food burgers. 
This is one of the cleanest fast food place I have been to. 
This is one of the better fast-food restaurants available. 
 The breakfast wraps were fantastic. 
Food was fine . 
Had dinner here 9. 
 I rarely get worked up about some multi-location fast food location. 
 Alot of customers standing around waiting for their food. 
Food was delish. 
 Everything was frsh and tasted great. 
 and treat every customer with respect and friendliness which makes a difference in the fast food service. 
 and the food. 
 for fast food. 
Something other then standard fast food place. 
 It's located in a rougher neighborhood so you'll get hit up by homeless people asking for food or a hand out. 
Usually very crowded and doesn't allow drinks refills.
Not too bad, the employees actually fill up your drink to the very top and are very quick 
Pleasure for taste buds.fofofo-dollar-fast-food-plus-tax
 my go to spot for food on campus. 
 It usually comes down to the food sitting under the heat lamp a bit longer. 
 or food being not piping hot. 
As long as Carl's Jr's as a whole continues to run their 4 dollar deal and I have classes on campus and don't have food on me. 
 this is where I'll go for my fast food fix. 
 I might even come here if I packed food. 
 fast food is that good to me. 
 Sub par food 
 the food tastes terrible. 
s taste 10 times better. 
Cons: Food is very poor quality than other Carl's Jr. 
 3 out of 5 times most of the burgers are reheated and taste horrible. 
 Overall quality in other fast food restaurants and in other Carl's Jr. 
 It has to be in its preparation because I do not think a major food franchise like Carl's Jr would serve an inferior product. 
 read these complaints and then reassess how their food and beverages are prepared. 
 It is very unfortunate you cannot enjoy some decent coffee to go along with a breakfast burrito or a sausage & egg muffin. 
 I've generally had good food. 
 fries taste slightly sour versus fries at any other Carl's Jr. 
Food sits for hours under heat lamps. 
Food tastes so bad my dog won't even eat it. 
Food is overpriced. 
As I walked away with my food. 
They also practice timed refills based on what size drink you ordered. 
**UPDATE: They now only allow refills on large size drinks. 
 it was the best experience we had at a fast food restaurant. 
 The food was good so I am happy. 
my root beer tastes like Perrier. 
for THIS kind of service we're supposed to support the idea of $15 per hour for fast food employees? this was a service disaster
 so I did not want ketchup anywhere near my food. 
 I ordered two drinks. 
 she hands me the first drink and says "This is the Diet Coke. 
 I take a sip of my drink and notice right away notice she switched the two by mistake. 
 My dad says his is fine and tastes like diet coke . 
 I'm drinking a diet coke as I type this. 
 Or a reason to come back for breakfast. 
 left food out of my order and have given me the wrong food. 
  Both cars ahead of us got their food and pulled away and no one had even said hello to us. 
 got our food and when we started unpacking the bags. 
  The food itself was sloppy looking. 
