 Food is like all other locations and tasted fine. 
 Took food to go so didn't have to eat in this environment. 
 Food is always fresh and the workers are always willing to correct any problem you might encounter. 
The food is ok. 
 They say their soups are homemade yet it tastes like progresso or campbells. 
Not only is their food fresh and fast . 
My client got us tickets to see a Cal State Fullerton baseball game and brought us by for a pre-game bit to eat (stadium food was so-so). 
Great environment to do work and food 
People were so friendly food was good
Excellent service, beautiful people and great food and coffee ..
Not a huge fan of Panera. Food is a bit over priced for what you get. 
Pretty chill spot, good food, can be a little pricey. Good place to sit and relax, quiet place to get work done .
THIS FULLERTON LOCATION IS THE BEST!! BRIANNA IS SO DELIGHTFUL AND HELPFUL ALL THE STAFF AT THIS LOCATION ARE. THE FOOD IS AMAZING A SPECIAL TREAT ON A SUNDAY MORNING. I AM ABSOLUTELY ADDICTED TO THE BREAKFAST MENU.. THANKS PANERA FOR GETTING UP SO EARLY FOR US..... KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .SINCERELY,MARY BETH AND GARRETT
Good food and plenty of tables in case you're coming here to study.
Everything I've tried here has tasted a little "off" compared to other Paneras. The tomato soup wasn't even a safe choice here. I do not recommend this location!
I've previously only taken breakfast pastries or drinks to-go and this is my first time dining in at this location. 
 We placed our order and sat down to wait for our food to come. 
 Quite the regret upon the arrival of our food. 
 I am a little disappointed at the server because despite looking at our food as he brought it to us. 
 No one wants to eat at a dirty place and while your pastries and food selections may be good. 
 She also let me keep my outside food (which you are apparently not allowed??. 
- I ordered my food online. 
 as I was going here on my lunch break and wanted to go in and out as quickly as possible. 
- I wasted my entire lunch at this place waiting on my order. 
The food is what you would expect at any other location and the layout is very similar to many other Panera locations. 
 The food was what you would expect. 
  It tasted like they drenched the salad with vinegar. 
  It left an unpleasant aftertaste. 
Food- Decent
 If you order a drink. 
Breakfast recommendation: asiago bacon egg and cheese. 
     I would avoid this Panera location like the Plague because you'll get the Plague since they don't cook their food at the proper temperature. 
 I came here with my boyfriend for dinner. 
 When they brought us our food everything was in order. 
 No ice for drinks. 
The food is great. 
 food tasty. 
Then when we got our food I ordered the lentil quinoa broth bowl it was only 1. 
The food however. 
 good food. 
 And the breakfast sandwiches are good. 
Another time I wanted a while for a cashier to figure something out on the register and she gave me a free drink while I waited. 
 Customer service there is great and I haven't had any issues with my food at all. 
 it super soft and tastes really fresh. 
 The food also comes out pretty quickly which is always a plus. 
 Just a salad with a cup of soup and a small drink was just over $15 bucks. 
 which is a little high in my opinion when it's not really a sit down dinner kind of place. 
 you don't have a server and you get your own drinks. 
 It was very clear that they used some sort of powder to mix this drink together. 
 There was this weird chemical-like taste from the powder as well. 
 It used to taste great when I first started getting them from Panera. 
 They would taste rather old as well - the croissant. 
 and it was like drinking syrup. 
 It tasted good. 
 I was still hoping for the green tea taste as well. 
 Their food and drinks are awful. 
 I eat dinner about five hours later. 
  The food remains pretty much the same. 
 Well my food came out before I even was able to get my drink. 
 It took so long that my food came out and the server was trying to find me. 
My friend waited about 20 minutes for her food and I waited with her to be polite. 
 food comes out and it's Corn Chowder. 
Friday: I go somewhere else because the line during the lunch rush isn't worth having to wait for them to fix my order. 
 I prefer their bread loaves over their actual food. 
 When I picked up the food today. 
I picked up my food today at 12:30pm. 
Best thing about this location (other than the usual rah-rah I would add about Panera's food. 
drink) is it's huge and the staff don't bother you if you're there for hours working on a project. 
I have no idea about their food or products they sell. 
 make sure you get the rewards cards to collect points and get yourself a free pastry or drink. 
or a quick and kind-of-cheap lunch. 
The food is great. 
We ordered a refillable soft drink and a muffin to share. 
Came during lunch and ordered for my brother and mom. 
Ultimately the food here isn't quality and their panini's aren't even crunchy. 
Since this website is all about the review of FOOD. 
 I also had some food. 
 I think the bread at the Huntington Beach location just tastes better. 
The food was decent. 
 if you're there for the sole purpose of eating or drinking. 
I love that I am suggested to try new things and that employees are incredibly knowledge about their food. 
Mac and Cheese is uncomfortable comfort food. 
 Drinkable. 
 Almost tasted like there was soy in there. 
I knew exactly what I wanted and I knew it would taste ok. 
I found both the quality of the food and the service to be inconsistant here. 
 I ended up paying about $22 for lunch for me and my brother. 
  But if you really want quality food and don't mind too much about costs. 
 unfortunately if you go during lunchtime or dinnertime. 
 shouldn't it be great?  Soup tasted like from a can. 
 i was looking at the cranberry orange smoothie that was hanging from the ceiling and the cashier said my freebie today was a free drink. 
 Because I don't like the taste of yogurt too much. 
 pretty pricey for the taste and quality. 
I would want to recommend the spinach souffle for breakfast. 
 not too much for a breakfast. 
The food is good. 
 not 21 dollars for a two lunches good. 
I was intrigued by some of their breakfast sandwich offerings (egg sandwiches and the like) . 
 which is when they stop serving breakfast. 
-The drink area is messy
 drink. 
 and cookie was over $15 during lunch. 
 The food is way over priced. 
Got my food delivered to the table and they gave me a bag of chips instead of the apple. 
BOTTOM LINE: Dropping almost $10 for lunch (especially when it's a half salad. 
 although tasty was not impressive than a heart alertos breakfast burrito. 
  They offer a lot of teas and drink choices. 
 almost and equal arsenal to the food menu. 
They have decent food. 
  If you need food. 
 My first college lunch date awhile back. 
 I had to go to the counter since 15 minutes passed and my food wasn't there. 
 there are also people on business lunches so I didn't feel like I was in a completely casual zone. 
best I've ever tasted. 
Whether you want to grab a quick lunch or study all day long. 
 this is the perfect place because you can have breakfast. 
 lunch. 
 and dinner and never have to leave your study spot. 
 But I came here for breakfast yesterday morning with my friend and was totally let down. 
I ordered the Breakfast Power sandwich. 
 I dont think the food here is THAT great. 
 and drinks filled up my nose and made my mouth water. 
As i made my way up to the register i didn't know what to get as they had so many wonderful selections and the friendly worker suggested their lunch combo. 
Panera bread is the perfect place to do lunch with a friend to just catch up or study up for a quiz while pigging out on some tasty delectable goods whether it be salty or sweet. 
The food always taste fresh and good. 
I would've gave them 4 stars for the fresh food and good soup . 
Thanks Panera for fresh food and delicious soup . 
 went for breakfast today. 
 The green tea is syrupy and doesn't taste like tea. 
I also like that it's a casual sit-down restaurant: more classy than a  fast-food joint . 
We love coming here because we can come when we are sweaty and gross right after the gym or come in for a quick cheap lunch or dinner. 
 I will come to have lunch with friends and chit chat. 
 From the interior design to the food served to all the little perks. 
 Gotta drink it while it's hot. 
 Lunchtime brings in all the local students and parking can be a pain. 
 If you are into healthy food this is the spot. 
 lunch with friends. 
 The food is very good and healthy enough to not feel guilty. 
 For breakfast they offer bagels. 
 and breakfast sandwiches. 
 For lunch and dinner they have an assortment of both hot and cold salads. 
 The sun-dried tomato ale with mustard gives a very unique taste which compliments the bacon and smokehouse turkey perfectly. 
 You order your food at the counter. 
 they bring your food and so far I have not had any problems. 
  I'm just hating because I was thinking about having a healthier lunch. 
 It had a taste of yogurt in it which was pretty good and tasted healthy. 
  They seem to focus on having fresh organic foods that are light and health conscious. 
  But the food seems to be pretty good. 
A little pricier for a simple breakfast or lunch. 
 the food quality and great service is well worth the extra $$. 
 Ordered the Smokehouse Turkey  Panini as well and you can really taste the quality. 
 I think the bacon was smoked with applewood because you could taste the sweetness. 
 On top of the good food the girl at the cashier was really cool. 
  The food is mediocre. 
 the food and service are bleh. 
 Their cookies taste like junior high. 
 she delivers your food. 
  We were still hungry after we finished our "snacks" so we ended up getting more food somewhere else. 
  The quality of the food was good as usual. 
The breakfast that I get includes a plain bagel with cream cheese. 
 They seem to be doing a better job at keeping plain bagels on hand as when I stopped by for breakfast last Saturday around 10 they still had some. 
It's not quite clear when they change over from breakfast menus to lunch and then to dinner. 
I had the three cheese crispani for dinner one night. 
 it tasted alright. 
 this place just did not tickle my tummy in all the right places and definitely didn't seduce my tastebuds. 
 if youre looking for taste and quality. 
