 There are plenty of spices and stuff ok the table that we can add to enhance the flavored to taste. 
 Good food. 
 The food is fresh. 
 small sit down restaurant with nice seating and really authentic food and real Japanese chefs. 
 What we love is to come for the lunch special from Monday to Saturday (except Sunday) until 3pm. 
 The food came out quickly and I took it home to eat it about 1. 
 I was in Fullerton on Business and I stopped in for a quick lunch. 
I love this place. It has good ramen and the service and prices are fair. Come in during lunch for lunch special. 
Aka soup base is preferable since the spicy covers the salt flavor. I hate salty foods!
Been going here for years! Great food and service.
They have excellent food. This is my favorite ramen place.... i eat here regularly and have not been disappointed. 5/5 would reccomend to anyone... must stop by if youre in fullerton and looking for authentic Japanese food 
Comfort food! Ramen! So good! Small place and a lot of people go here, so waiting time can be 30mis or more before you get seated.  After finishing your food dont stay long because alot of people is waiting to take your seat. I go here late dinner time to avoid crowd. Most of the time i order for to go if there is a line and crowded.. yes they serve alcohol here!
Aka ramen with takoyaki!. Their spicy miso base is really good. This place does get crowded during school year for lunch as it's very close to CSU Fullerton; so be prepared to wait.
Went here with my girlfriend for lunch. We paid $25 for two and were both able to get a nice sized bowl of Shoyu with gyoza and pork fried rice on the side. My girlfriend did the social media challenge was able to get enough likes to get us a free side of noodles, which were greatly appreciated. This place is always crowded but we got lucky and sat at the bar. Service was was and we were in and out within 45 minutes. Definitely the best place for Ramen near CSUF.
We came here last night with friends. All of us ordered apps. My gf wasn't impressed with the apps they ordered but her hubby was raving. I ordered the Cha Shu pork app and my hubby ordered Buta and Kim. My app came with 4 super thin slices of pork over a mound of bean sprouts. Good but I felt ripped off. Hubby's was ok. We all ordered ramen (both chicken and pork broth versions) and we were all pretty happy with the ramen broth and noodles but we all felt ripped off with the amount of meat offered. There were 3 super thin slices of pork. The rest were fillers. You get more bang for your buck at Ajisen. However the kids all wolfed down their food, even our friends finicky eater so that's a plus. 
Excellent service and excellent food. The Ramen reminds of the time I visited a Shop during a brief visit in Tokyo, Japan.  The Cha Ramen and the creamy, delicious broth continues to be one of my favorites.  I don't have a least favorite with this place as every thing I have eaten at What's Up Men is excellent. 
Outstanding service and food!! Definitely will come back again
However, it is good food and they do things correctly in preparation
Good food and environment.  Upbeat atmosphere.  Ramen never disappoints.
Great food here,  and the staff is really nice. 
Great food, good service, but wait for tables can be long
 But at the end of the day it's the food that counts here. 
My usual is the chuka soba lunch combo. 
  Definitely impressed with the quality of the food here. 
My usual drink selection is the iced great tea. 
 "Karaage" (who doesn't love deep fried goodness?) and "Agedashi Tofu" (Crispy yet soft in the middle and the fish broth compliments the tofu very well). 
  Granted my taste buds were just as inebriated as I was. 
 Also the broth at Kopan is way too creamy for my taste. 
I think there are better ramen places (better taste and slightly cheaper) if you go towards LA. 
 always missing Japanese food. 
 not only the taste of food . 
 anything---their quality of the service including the speed of taking order and the time until the food comes. 
 for the taste of food other than Ramens are also good. 
Their lunch specials look pretty awesome. 
 the taste and texture was pretty on par) it was probably the only dish we actually finished. 
 a lunch combo with tonkatsu shoyu ramen and beef bowl. 
 I thought everything tasted pretty good. 
 It tastes like the yoshinoya beef bowl. 
** BUT wouldn't you order your food. 
 receive your food. 
Food:
 We enjoyed our food. 
 My drinks even remained full without having to flag anybody down - try doing that at Santouka. 
 after the food coma that is. 
  I particularly liked the flavored soft boil egg that was in it as well as the fish cake (I'm a sucker for that stuff). 
  I had a taste of the spicy miso broth and in comparison with mine. 
 Even though it was salty it still tasted a bit bland overall. 
 I had to drink at least 3 cups of water to get halfway through the broth. 
 The restaurant itself is small and there's often a wait for a table during lunch or dinner. 
 They also serve alcohol here (like soju) for those who need a drink with their meal. 
 someone coming over and ask you what you wanted to drink. 
 it came with when the food arrived. 
It was busy so I understand if drinks aren't always refilled. 
Like food is good and all. 
 I love the aromatic grilled meats and lunch combos . 
 parking was actually challenging during lunch time . 
The food came to our table within 5 min after we ordered. 
 I believe it was the spicy paste on top that I didn't like because the broth tasted great before the paste was mixed in. 
 It wasn't processed well and still had that pork stink taste. 
 a great place to go for comfort food especially they open late. 
FOOD: I got the Koro Ramen ($8. 
 Basic taste. 
 it just didn't compliment the taste. 
I highly recommend the chuka-soba to anyone who wants to taste the chuka-soba like the ones in Japan. 
 Server was so friendly and food was satisfying. 
 this place is good if you are craving ramen and don't want to wait too long for your food. 
 and it tasted surprisingly better without extra soy sauce. 
Overall: I would definitely come back to try out more of the food. 
 a little too salty and thick for my taste. 
  I usually drink alot of the broth . 
 We got our food rather quickly. 
 Their lunch specials pretty much gives you an extra entree on top of a bowl of ramen (. 
 it does not come with an egg though so make sure to order that separate if you're ordering lunch). 
  Broth tasted okay. 
 you have to share the lot with plenty of other food establishments. 
 the food was okay. 
  An added plus is that they are open beyond midnight making them a great alternative to late night fast food. 
 I thought the broth was a little fatty for my taste. 
 Food was fast and tasty. 
 The lunch special was perfect - soup and appetizer. 
  I thought mine tasted better though. 
 I LOVE the egg and have never tasted such a delicious egg ever before in my life. 
 great service and great food. 
It's just no other option for Japanese food at late night. 
 Everything we ordered tasted pretty authentic and I'm really picky when it comes to ramen especially their broth. 
 Only con for me was that the broth had a little pungent pork taste . 
The ramen tastes like packets of Maruchan. 
 It tasted like fried rice with just a hint of kimchi. 
 especially if you love the kimchi taste. 
 food came out in good time. 
 This is a plus for me because I'd be stricken with "food coma" after eating such meals. 
They have lunch combos you can choose from if you're extra hangry. 
 and it tasted pretty diluted. 
 it was just a bit too marinaded in soy sauce for it actually tasted more like a tea egg. 
 I don't usually like bamboo shoots unless they are very cooked and taste similar to the broth. 
 and I think there were 5 or 6 tables? Definitely there will be a wait if it's slightly packed or if it's lunch. 
dinner rush. 
 fish cake. 
 tasted like it came out of powder packaging. 
 Brought food out on time. 
Favorite is the Chanpon (seafood and veggie ramen) with side of Cha Shu pork combo. 
Food:We ordered 2 Cha ramen with 2 extra eggs and corns. 
