 who discovered this great gourmet burger place near Fullerton College. 
We have been going to this burger place for years. 
We stopped here for dinner one night thinking it would be only a burger place. 
 This is a walk up and order place with food brought to you. 
I really enjoyed dining at this place. 
Heard about this place from a friend and decided to try it. 
 For basically a fast food place the prices are way out of line. 
I love hamburgers and this place knows how to do them. 
I can't tell you how happy I was to find this place. 
 Friendly staff and very clean place. 
Wonderful place and great food. 
 Downtown Fullerton is lots of fun and this place is a fabulous addtion to the city. 
This place is great. 
 It's a busy place . 
 it is a great causal place to get a really great gourmet style burger. 
While trying to decide where to eat we figured since this place is packed we might as well try it. 
Let me say that the service at this places de me feel very welcomed. 
The place has great atmosphere with the big windows open to downtown Fullerton and the old brick structure. 
My husband and I had just attended an organ concert at Plummer Auditorium in Fullerton and were looking for a good place to eat. 
 this place should close immediately what a terrible franchise to allow this to happen. 
 and kindly said she was sorry it took long and that for my patience she placed a bag or newly hot fries (small) for my troubles. 
Place is hot inside and dirty. 
 this place has no air-conditioning even though their rude manager. 
 if you're hungry and don't have a lot of time there are worse places you could stop for a bite. 
 The food was wonderful - well cooked. 
 the ingredients all taste very fresh. 
 Love the fact you can taste the beers before ordering. 
 This is a walk up and order place with food brought to you. 
Decent food . 
 For basically a fast food place the prices are way out of line. 
Great food. 
While you can get all sorts of gourmet burgers here and this is a nice change from the fast food chains. 
 the onion rings are by far the best I have ever tasted. 
 Because I only put ketchup and tomatoes on my burgers the taste of the meat and bun is very. 
Wonderful place and great food. 
 Food was great and service was excellent. 
 The food. 
 The fish and chip burger had no flavor. 
 The service was very friendly and we got our food pretty quickly. 
Good fast food, good prices and good choice in combos. Need to be more clean and organized.
I was two cents short and the young lady gave me real nasty attitude,  if such a problem for them then don't work in fast food.  The food was O. K. and I would go back again.  The fries were fresh after they gave me a small fry instead of the large I ordered, so they had to cook more! So besides the bad customer service by the one female,  it was O. K. 
The food is okay but if you get something from the doller menu , it feels like your getting nothing , it doesn't fill you up like McDonalds. But the ice coffee is really good and I've went back for seconds. Better then Starbucks and cheaper.
 Who wants old hard cold food???
The customer service is terrible with an employee and her boyfriend spreading mulch and then going to the counter to take your order and to handle your food. 
 food and orders and even just people being who they are. 
not only for the food . 
 I asked if they could fill up my drink behind the counter and they said that one was out of order too. 
 Horrible food quality compared to other Burger Kings. 
 it took me FOREVER to get my drinks. 
To make matters even worse the smoothies tasted terrible. 
the bun on my burger tasted old and hard 
 the manager was working and he had my food ready and i came to pick it up and checked my order for accuracy. 
 clean presentation - and the location was clean with excellent staff. 
 The staff are friendly. 
 helpful and provide great service. 
 The staff was super friendly and helped us decide what we wanted. 
 location and waitstaff that was highly attentive. 
 Friendly staff and very clean place. 
 Friendly staff. 
 Staff is kind and helpful. 
 the service is great and pretty quick for the amount of business they do. 
 The staff was very friendly and helpful. 
 Food was great and service was excellent. 
Let me say that the service at this places de me feel very welcomed. 
 The service was very friendly and we got our food pretty quickly. 
I was two cents short and the young lady gave me real nasty attitude,  if such a problem for them then don't work in fast food.  The food was O. K. and I would go back again.  The fries were fresh after they gave me a small fry instead of the large I ordered, so they had to cook more! So besides the bad customer service by the one female,  it was O. K. 
Very good service. Otherwise, a regular BK.
(Low with staff as well)
Although at certain hours, services can be lacking due to short of staff. 
The service is great. 
The customer service is terrible with an employee and her boyfriend spreading mulch and then going to the counter to take your order and to handle your food. 
 also for the service. 
Clean restaurant fast service
 and yet also claim that they're going to get it fixed next week? When I asked this poor excuse for a manager. 
 she turned her back on me and serviced the drive-thru window. 
 this place has no air-conditioning even though their rude manager. 
The sandwiches were good and service was friendly at the drive thru. 
Service is slow at the drive thru. 
 it was near closing and they were really understaffed. 
  The staff treats you like their doing you a favor. 
 the manager was working and he had my food ready and i came to pick it up and checked my order for accuracy. 
 the cashier rang it up wrong i guess and the manager tarted to be rude to me and started yelling at me. 
 customer service? not good
the big problem cones in at the price. 
 way too pricey. 
Pricey . 
 For basically a fast food place the prices are way out of line. 
 not for the price. 
A bit overpriced for the serving size. 
Good fast food, good prices and good choice in combos. Need to be more clean and organized.
 and it was more expensive then what I ordered. 
 its the same price. 
