Burgers are better than any other Fast Food place. 
 good place to go when you come back late from a park or event and need a quick Dinner
 food was hot and better than your average fast food place. 
 Good place to visit if you arrive late back from the parks and want a quick meal. 
This is one of the cleanest fast food place I have been to. 
 Place was dirty. 
Something other then standard fast food place. 
 This place is good for quick bites and has a very friendly staff. 
Great place to eat when on-campus and looking for some variety
Literally the worst service I've ever gotten. I never post reviews and I had to for this place. Awful. 
 this place can go from either jam-packed to half full. 
 this place gets it's good haul of customers. 
 one of the big ups about this place is how friendly everyone is. 
  It's not that this place is just that good. 
 There are a number of other places on campus for coffee lovers to get that cup of java and this Carl's Jr is one you should avoid. 
The most commonly ordered items are made in advance and placed under heat lamps. 
  I hate this place. 
This is the only place I've ever had trouble paying for something with my debit card. 
 there are better places a short walk around the corner. 
 The place is pretty clean for the most part and the price is obviously great. 
I only give 5 stars to places that blow me away. 
 Leaps and bounds better than the place in Orange. 
 I had some kind of Breakfast Burger that had just about everything they sold on it. 
Burgers are better than any other Fast Food place. 
 good place to go when you come back late from a park or event and need a quick Dinner
 food was hot and better than your average fast food place. 
 their milkshakes and malt drinks are superb. 
For fast food . 
 When the leaf lettuce and the char broiling it tops my list of great fast food burgers. 
This is one of the cleanest fast food place I have been to. 
This is one of the better fast-food restaurants available. 
 The breakfast wraps were fantastic. 
Food was fine . 
Had dinner here 9. 
 I rarely get worked up about some multi-location fast food location. 
 Alot of customers standing around waiting for their food. 
Food was delish. 
 Everything was frsh and tasted great. 
 and treat every customer with respect and friendliness which makes a difference in the fast food service. 
 and the food. 
 for fast food. 
Something other then standard fast food place. 
 It's located in a rougher neighborhood so you'll get hit up by homeless people asking for food or a hand out. 
Usually very crowded and doesn't allow drinks refills.
Not too bad, the employees actually fill up your drink to the very top and are very quick 
Pleasure for taste buds.fofofo-dollar-fast-food-plus-tax
 my go to spot for food on campus. 
 It usually comes down to the food sitting under the heat lamp a bit longer. 
 or food being not piping hot. 
As long as Carl's Jr's as a whole continues to run their 4 dollar deal and I have classes on campus and don't have food on me. 
 this is where I'll go for my fast food fix. 
 I might even come here if I packed food. 
 fast food is that good to me. 
 Sub par food 
 the food tastes terrible. 
s taste 10 times better. 
Cons: Food is very poor quality than other Carl's Jr. 
 3 out of 5 times most of the burgers are reheated and taste horrible. 
 Overall quality in other fast food restaurants and in other Carl's Jr. 
 It has to be in its preparation because I do not think a major food franchise like Carl's Jr would serve an inferior product. 
 read these complaints and then reassess how their food and beverages are prepared. 
 It is very unfortunate you cannot enjoy some decent coffee to go along with a breakfast burrito or a sausage & egg muffin. 
 I've generally had good food. 
 fries taste slightly sour versus fries at any other Carl's Jr. 
Food sits for hours under heat lamps. 
Food tastes so bad my dog won't even eat it. 
Food is overpriced. 
As I walked away with my food. 
They also practice timed refills based on what size drink you ordered. 
**UPDATE: They now only allow refills on large size drinks. 
 it was the best experience we had at a fast food restaurant. 
 The food was good so I am happy. 
my root beer tastes like Perrier. 
for THIS kind of service we're supposed to support the idea of $15 per hour for fast food employees? this was a service disaster
 so I did not want ketchup anywhere near my food. 
 I ordered two drinks. 
 she hands me the first drink and says "This is the Diet Coke. 
 I take a sip of my drink and notice right away notice she switched the two by mistake. 
 My dad says his is fine and tastes like diet coke . 
 I'm drinking a diet coke as I type this. 
 Or a reason to come back for breakfast. 
 left food out of my order and have given me the wrong food. 
  Both cars ahead of us got their food and pulled away and no one had even said hello to us. 
 got our food and when we started unpacking the bags. 
  The food itself was sloppy looking. 
 service was nice and quick. 
 Fast service. 
 Even when there were 10 people in line there was only one till open and staff wandered around slowly. 
 Staff was right in front of us . 
 Staff was really friendly. 
 It was accompanied by a very good service. 
 All the members of the staff were attentive. 
 and treat every customer with respect and friendliness which makes a difference in the fast food service. 
 This place is good for quick bites and has a very friendly staff. 
 The staff is friendly and the dining area is well kept. 
Service is eh and Carl's overall marketing campaign I don't appreciate.
Fast service for the amount of traffic, go to if you're on campus and need a quick snack 
Literally the worst service I've ever gotten. I never post reviews and I had to for this place. Awful. 
I have never experienced the negative experiences with customer services others have had. 
 The service is not very good either. 
 The manager tries to appear friendly and professional . 
 what do you expect from a customer service job? Guess the entire staff puts up with it because they need the money because I can't see them doing the job for fun. 
Pros: Fast service before 11:30. 
  I can't reverse the service charge so it doesn't matter anymore. 
 worst customer service ever. 
 muttering that it didn't work until a manager (the one short lady with the unnaturally high bangs) smugly goes. 
  They always have great consistent service. 
Customer Service: 5. 
Fast service by pleasant people. 
for THIS kind of service we're supposed to support the idea of $15 per hour for fast food employees? this was a service disaster
t service from the awful girl at the window?
 the service has gotten progressively worse since the re-opening and I think I'll take the time to drive to the Rose Drive location the next time we get a Carl's craving. 
 ENORMOUS portions at a great price. 
 So are the prices. 
Food is overpriced. 
 The place is pretty clean for the most part and the price is obviously great. 
Price: 5. 
