Awesome place to have Indian nourishment, particularly there yogurt curry (kadi in hindi). Administration is speedy and the staff is exceptionally affable.
You can dine and take out food...its a cafeteria type place so service is a bit faster......
If you like indian food, give this place a try. Affordable and authentic 
Great place to have Indian food, especially there yogurt curry (kadi in hindi). Service is quick and the staff is very courteous.
Best place in Fullerton for Indian food.
I love this place. They have a good rotation of excellent curries. Though I am not a vegetarian, I like to eat less meat when I can, and I like that they always have several vegetarian options to choose from here. My favorite is the cauliflower and potato curry, though their yogurt curry, eggplant, and veggie korma are all really good too. I did try the chicken curry once as well, and I liked it a lot - perfect amount of spice and a nice ratio of chicken to sauce. I'm not as fond of chicken tikka masala, which they almost always have on the steam table, so I haven't tried that one. Next time I'm in the mood for meat I'm trying the goat curry. I love goat curry, and theirs does look good.
This place is casual. 
This place is quick with good quality for its prices. 
 I went about 15 after I placed the order and it was ready. 
I love Indian food and we've eaten at like a dozen mom and pop places around OC. 
 And this place had delicious food. 
  the place is a bit tiny so it's not good for big groups
But if you are thinking about checking this place. 
 I'm old at heart and there are times when I too long for a clean and well lit place. 
 When that place also happens to serve bomb Indian inspired rice dishes at an amazing price point. 
 And a clean and well lit place like here is something anyone can appreciate. 
This is my go-to place for when I want to grab a quick order to go so I can rush home to continue my GoT binge-watch. 
 You don't see goat at most places like this and it's actually pretty decent. 
 I still think this place deserves 5 stars. 
This place is always packed at lunch. 
 A good sign are the number of South Asians that frequent the place . 
This is honestly one of my favorite places in Fullerton. 
 A guy in front of me wasn't ready and he said he was new to this place and I was like me too LOL. 
 my church has become a regular at this place and we'll definitely come back for our Sunday lunches . 
 and this place passes with flying colors. 
I think this place is excellent in value and great in terms of taste. 
 Environment: 3. 
I do recommend this place and I will definitely be coming back in the near future. 
 the place was reasonably busy with to go orders and I decided to eat there before class. 
 Ps: This is a tiny hole in the wall place. 
We were a little worried when we arrived because we thought it was a fast food place . 
We were very pleased with out experience and we left saying "we've found our Indian place. 
I definitely recommend this place with my eyes closed. 
 I would recommend this place for a fast Indian food craving. 
 I guess that's why this place has good rating. 
  This place is where people go so they can claim they are a fan of Indian food even though most dishes barely qualifies as such. 
 Give this place a try next time you're thinking about pita hot or in the area. 
Is Curry Hut's food as good as my other favorite place? Not quite. 
 I'm just happy that there is a place for me to go on Sunday's when I am craving some quick Indian. 
Like the Indian place out in LA by the college. 
I really loved this place and its 2 item special. 
 Some places skimp on this small side and I always feel like a fatty for ordering more. 
 it was cool to see how much the community embraced the place as a handful of people came in and he knew them by first name. 
I eat at this place at least once. 
The place needs a deep cleaning. 
I was super hesitant trying a fast food Indian place as the few "Indian" type foods that I've tried in the north OC area have been subpar. 
 Plus it's hard finding a Curry Indian place as supposed to Indian. 
Mediterranean wraps and kabob places. 
(for those pick item places) so for a 2 item plate and garlic naan (which I would highly suggest you upgrade to) you're around $10. 
 they don't recognize me or anything which is a bit frustrating since other take out places do. 
5 star place and people rave about how authentic the food tasted. 
So my reason to give this place a 3-star is that comparing to my experience having tried great Indian and Nepali food in the past. 
 this place is an ok place for a quick and friendly service. 
 since the other Indian places closer to my house either had really bad parking (Punjabi Tandoor) or had spotty reviews (Tandoori Garden). 
 both other places would be too expensive. 
 and this place is much cheaper. 
 so I'll get to why I'm bothering in the first place:
The portions at this place are pretty good for what you pay. 
Maybe I'm hyping this place too much. 
You should definitely try this place out if you both want Indian food and don't want to break the bank. 
 as other places can get pretty pricy. 
  Check this place out if you like Indian Food and don't mind the strong smell. 
Other items are not so spicy still good place to visit
 I would give it a three star because I know places better than this. 
 I didn't expect super fresh from a quick service place. 
Pieology - The place that sparked the do it your way pizza craze
Namastey India was a popular place in Buena Park next to a series of Korean businesses. 
 good place if you're looking for tasty indian food. 
The place is small - a little amount of seating with TV for Indian music video (so hilirious - Indian people have a queer taste in dance and music video). 
It's a quick service place - you pick whatever on the warmer. 
I eat the foods and judge the place by myself. 
The food is set up like Panda express or any takeout food place you know. 
 And the naan is thinner than other places that I've been to . 
Would I call it the best indian food place? Probably not. 
  Will definitely come back to this place. 
I will recommend this place for the combo items and the mango lassi. 
 Ceiling tiles are displaced and dusty. 
 this place is great to get a quick fix of Indian food. 
Clean your place Curry Hut. 
 I instantly got the vibe that this place is authentic. 
 playing indian music videos and the strong smell of curry reenforced the idea that I came to the right place. 
 this place is a little steep with the pricing . 
 my experience with this place was positive. 
Authentic indian food with fresh naan makes this a quality place. 
I was a fan of a place called Namastey India for the last couple of years. 
 I discovered this place through Yelp & would frequently invite friends & church gatherings (EXODUS3. 
  Everyone I brought to this place loved Namastey. 
 to my chagrin I found out that Tony sold the place. 
 I liked this place and will be back. 
All and all it's pretty good place. 
 this is a great take out place. 
This is what I mean by this place being just o-k. 
 this is one place where looks are definitely deceiving. 
Do yourself a favor and check this place out. 
Is this place cheap and convenient? Yes. 
 when you factor in the filth factor of this place. 
 there are so many better ways to decorate a place to make it look. 
Bottom line: this place is quickly becoming a regular spot for me. 
 If restaurant atmosphere is very important then this place won't work for you. 
Great Indian food at a good price and very fast service. I can be in and out in less than 5 min.
The food is decent, but somehow not as flavorful as the Indian food I'm used to. Service is quick and friendly, and the selection is familiar if not extensive - they seem to carry between 8 and 12 dishes at any given time. 
You can dine and take out food...its a cafeteria type place so service is a bit faster......
Love the big portions and the taste is great. One of our favorite spots for Indian food near us.
Awesome Indian food bit spicy though.. good thing is they let you taste the curry before ordering.
Great food and friendly service
If you like indian food, give this place a try. Affordable and authentic 
The restaurant is small and thus not very conducive to dining in, but the food is very tasty! I absolutely love getting the Chicken Tikka Masala combo with garlic naan.
Although the selections are severely limited, each dish is very delicious. I particularly enjoy the curry goat. They also give you a lot of food per order, filling the entire carryout foam box. For the price,  it is superb value. 
ice food...but the sunday morning staff a fair looking lady very rude ,i visited first time and she commented on us just because we got confuse where the line is going...shamless dont know how to behave with customer......i never seen like her 
Great place to have Indian food, especially there yogurt curry (kadi in hindi). Service is quick and the staff is very courteous.
The food was the best Indian food I have had in a while.
Best place in Fullerton for Indian food.
Decent prices, tons of food, super delicious
Great portions of delicious, authentic food for a great price. I come here every chance I get!
Authentic taste, great naan, veggie options and fast!
I love the food here. Definitely the best Indian food restaurant in the US
Satisfy your curry cravings! This small spot offers an assortment of traditional Indian food. They pack each plate with a mountain of rice and your choice of sides. They also offer tasty, warm bread. The prices fairly reasonable. This is one of my favorite curry spots and probably one of the best around!The food was amazing. 
 the food was still really good. 
FAST FOOD? I THINK NOT. 
I have not even tasted the food yet. 
I love Indian food and we've eaten at like a dozen mom and pop places around OC. 
 And this place had delicious food. 
 The food looks soooo good. 
 the taste doesn't match the face. 
 because a lot of people like the food here. 
 Don't drink a lot since their is no public bathroom. 
 Tikka Masala tasted like something was missing. 
 The food is piping hot and the aromatics of the spices are sublime. 
 Good food and a great price is a universal phenomenon all people can understand. 
I love Indian food because it's so flavorful with all the spices and Curry Hut offers some of the best curry around. 
 you'll probably want to taste a bit of everything anyway. 
 my favorite reason to enjoy Indian food--comes paired with your meal. 
  And if the food alone doesn't bring you back--I mean. 
I do have to admit that the food can be a bit inconsistent on different days. 
  It is kinda of a fast food type of Indian restaurant. 
This place is always packed at lunch. 
 The food is always piping hot and tasty. 
  I saw the signage for fastish Indian food. 
  I had food in my fridge at home . 
 They actually let you taste test before you order a full serving. 
 Which is cool for people who don't eat this kind of lovely food . 
 The food is SUPER FRESH. 
I guess this is considered Indian fast food. 
 my church has become a regular at this place and we'll definitely come back for our Sunday lunches . 
 and we were craving Indian food. 
 It literally looks like a fast food joint. 
 and inside looks like a fast food joint. 
 to the taste. 
 The first thing I noticed was the deep rich spices and the creamy taste of tikka masala. 
 your stomach would slowly get fuller and your eyelids get heavier = food coma. 
 Indian food would always be followed by an Indian nap. 
 Americanized Indian food is the best way to describe the curry here. 
 it was so runny and lacked that richness that I associate with Indian food. 
 It tasted watered down basically. 
 It tasted fine . 
 their prices are very reasonable and you will walk out with a decent amount of food. 
 I would personally just pay a little more and have better tasting food. 
 so it's a pretty good introduction for anyone who hasn't tried much Indian food yet. 
I think this place is excellent in value and great in terms of taste. 
 I know where to go for Indian food in Fullerton. 
Food: 4. 
 They don't fish them out and it tastes totally gross to bite into one of those seeds. 
 Wide variety of drinks and they also have 2 TV screens usually playing Indian soaps on both ends of the little store. 
 the food. 
 at fist glance the food doesn't look really appetizing. 
 so don't be surprised if you have to wait a little for parking or getting your food. 
The food is amazing and on top of that. 
 At the very first taste I was HEAD OVER HEELS. 
 a bit spicy for my taste for a mid day meal. 
 I was there on a Sat lunch. 
  That is my only taste complaint. 
Food is excellent. 
 it doesn't affect my opinion of the food. 
 you can watch Bollywood videos while your food is being prepared. 
Good food. 
Good food. 
Lunches on Sunday are usually spent at Mickey-D's
"Daddy's choice for lunch. 
For value and Indian food fun
For value and Indian food fun
If you're in the mood for some quick yet delicious Indian food check out Curry Hut. 
 tastes pretty not special. 
I know it claims to be fast food. 
 Foods off the hook. 
 Really great food. 
 We were offered samples of the food too. 
We were a little worried when we arrived because we thought it was a fast food place . 
 the person behind the counter gave us samples and all the food was delicious. 
DELICIOUS FOOD+AFFORDABLE PRICE= PARADISE. 
 there is a small buffet of hot food trays with helpful labels on the sneeze guard directly in front of you and nice aromas from the kitchen. 
 more for me to drink later. 
  I'm not an expert on Indian food . 
 I would recommend this place for a fast Indian food craving. 
Now to the food. 
  This place is where people go so they can claim they are a fan of Indian food even though most dishes barely qualifies as such. 
Most of the dishes did not taste like the dish it was suppose to be. 
 The food is fresh. 
 really who cares? If you're a foodie you'll get over it. 
I do recommend you NOT get a fountain drink and purchase a canned soda instead. 
 The workers are very kind and they seem happy to be serving you their food. 
 This is Panda-style Indian food. 
Is Curry Hut's food as good as my other favorite place? Not quite. 
 I did not taste much . 
 Goes hand in hand with the flavor profile in their food. 
1) A little too far from our house to drive here during Fullerton rush hour to get dinner to go. 
Comfort food. 
 Not here - I was out of food before I finished my bread. 
Taste wise my husband and mother in law did not like the chicken samosa at all. 
 Haven't tried the actual food. 
 We will stick to Indian food in Artesia
Authentic Indian food in quick. 
I would get the food to go. 
I was super hesitant trying a fast food Indian place as the few "Indian" type foods that I've tried in the north OC area have been subpar. 
 I was surprisingly amazed at how delicious and flavorful my lunch was. 
 I'm not an Indian food expert. 
 I didn't feel I was eating "fast food". 
 I will be back for sure and recommend for anyone who has the Indian food cravings. 
Will still return because of the quality of the food. 
The food quality and the service is great. 
 But the food taste is too comforting. 
 I prefer Indian food to be more authentic. 
 a lot more usage of spice (higher food cost. 
5 star place and people rave about how authentic the food tasted. 
So my reason to give this place a 3-star is that comparing to my experience having tried great Indian and Nepali food in the past. 
 But what I'm looking for the most in restaurants are "good food". 
 I always have this sensitive stomach which I rely on to determine of the food cleanliness when I dine out. 
Food taste: 2 Stars
 I really like the food. 
 I really craved Indian food so I drove all the way up here from Garden Grove. 
 and I don't feel like going out for food tomorrow. 
 I've had a lot of Indian food before and this is as good as you can get for the price. 
You should definitely try this place out if you both want Indian food and don't want to break the bank. 
 you get a STRONG DELICIOUS WIFF of the food. 
  I've been craving indian food for a while so i was really happy. 
  Check this place out if you like Indian Food and don't mind the strong smell. 
But the food is good. 
Good food. 
I am a HUGE fan of Indian food. 
 I have to say that it is definitely my favorite food. 
 the tikka masala had far too much yogurt or heavy cream (whichever was used) for my taste. 
 The dairy taste overpowered the spices that make Indian food so great. 
 The vegetable pakoras tasted stale and old. 
 BBQ - They raised the lunch prices from $9. 
 I got the Pa Nang Curry and wasn't impressed with the taste. 
Guppy's - Popcorn chicken meal lunch special for $7. 
 That's like a dinner price. 
85C - I'm NOT going to spend $10 worth of pastries for lunch. 
Fast food Indian? Think of yourself going to Panda Express and getting rice and 2 or 3 entrees. 
 The bang out for the buck instead of paying $12-$15 a dish to dine in at dinner. 
Vegetable korma - Creamy taste of the chicken tikka masala. 
 Indian food is like grabbing Mexican food at King Taco. 
 If you love Indian food or feeling a little bit adventurous like The Goonies. 
 and the food is delivered really quickly. 
Minus one star because it can be inconsistent at times with taste or undercooked meat. 
 good place if you're looking for tasty indian food. 
The place is small - a little amount of seating with TV for Indian music video (so hilirious - Indian people have a queer taste in dance and music video). 
I eat the foods and judge the place by myself. 
The foods were tasty unexpectedly. 
99 had a plenty of food for me. 
The food is set up like Panda express or any takeout food place you know. 
 I know that I can't eat indian food without it. 
Would I call it the best indian food place? Probably not. 
 We soon realized that we had ordered WAY too much food. 
 mango lassi drinks (and other lassi drinks). 
 I like having this hole-in-the-wall take out option for a quick lunch or dinner. 
 and get their mango lassi drinks. 
 it's just way too much food. 
 Chicken tikka masala was great and i believe they grilled the chicken first before the it swims in tikka masala sauce because there is a smoky taste with the chicken. 
The food was so rich in taste. 
Looks like a fast food restaurant and its also called fast food . 
 the food is beyond that. 
Food was awesome . 
 The food was hot and tasty and the naan bread came almost as soon as we sat down. 
dirty and the trash cans and tables are both covered in food and whatnot. 
 But that in no way detracts from the great food. 
I'm no expert on Indian food. 
 this place is great to get a quick fix of Indian food. 
I really enjoyed the food . 
The food is simply delicious. 
Come here if you like great Indian food at a fair price. 
 The service was great and the food was delicious
 I added a drink with my two item combo and it came out to around $10-$11. 
 The portions of food was huge. 
 I was full about halfway through my meal and I realized that the 2 item combo with naan was more than enough food for myself. 
Authentic indian food with fresh naan makes this a quality place. 
I was really craving Indian food. 
 I really disliked the presentation of food and knowing that the plastic cutlery and container were going in the trash (because I was dining in). 
 the food wasn't the same. 
 the Arnold that loves Indian food had some this past Sunday. 
 fat boy third person Arnold wanted Indian food again today. 
  I drive up to a loud orange & green designed Indian fast food restaurant. 
  Same great food. 
  I suggest y'all get your Indian food on. 
 the closest Indian food is probably Cerritos. 
 if you're DTF (Down To Foodie). 
 I still say nothing beats Little India Grill's food in Artesia. 
 watery chicken curry? It was so bland and tasted like spicy water that we had to throw it away :( what a waste. 
As it is a fast food joint. 
 But if you're looking for good food quick with great service. 
 With the food being so dense. 
 I ordered the 2 item combo deal of Goat Curry and Chicken Curry with Garlic Naan and a drink of Mango Lassi. 
Food was delicious. 
 consider you can get all you can eat indian lunch buffet around $10. 
  You would be better off going a few miles south to Punjabi (?) for better tasting food
 I have never tasted such sweet curry in my life. 
 I have tasted better. 
 the wild orange and green colors of the restaurant might give the appearance that the food can't be taken seriously. 
  This food is great and I consider the owner a friend. 
you won't be disappointed if you like Indian food. 
 restaurants can put too much seasoning and then all the potato tastes like is that one flavor. 
I love me some good Desi food - and this just doesn't cut it. 
 I absolutely LOVE the idea of Indian fast food - . 
 you do not taste the garam masala spices AT all. 
 I would much rather drive an extra 10 minutes and call in my order at a real Indian restaurant that can offer me better service and food for about $5 more bucks. 
One could go along and only comment on the food. 
Food was fine. 
 I was unsure on how it would taste . 
 All this was around $10 which is affordable or a big lunch that will last ya to dinner. 
 As a south indian i like spicy food. 
 otherwise you should absolutely come try the food. 
  The garlic naan was ok and the yogurt drink was nice also. 
Overall the food is good. 
 especially if you factor that it is fast food. 
The food was really good I'm not HUGE on Curry . 
 we ordered both the hot and cold dessert which I honestly wouldn't recommend BUT the food was definitely good. 
Parking can be difficult during the lunch rush. 
Great Indian food at a good price and very fast service. I can be in and out in less than 5 min.
Awesome place to have Indian nourishment, particularly there yogurt curry (kadi in hindi). Administration is speedy and the staff is exceptionally affable.
The food is decent, but somehow not as flavorful as the Indian food I'm used to. Service is quick and friendly, and the selection is familiar if not extensive - they seem to carry between 8 and 12 dishes at any given time. 
You can dine and take out food...its a cafeteria type place so service is a bit faster......
Great food and friendly service
ice food...but the sunday morning staff a fair looking lady very rude ,i visited first time and she commented on us just because we got confuse where the line is going...shamless dont know how to behave with customer......i never seen like her 
Great place to have Indian food, especially there yogurt curry (kadi in hindi). Service is quick and the staff is very courteous.
 no waiter service. 
 The service was nice and he made fresh garlic naan so I waited for about 5 minutes are so and I was on my merry way. 
 Service: 4. 
The Service is fast and you cant beat the price. 
customers service was nice. 
 Friendly service 
 Friendly service
 I'll be back for their pricing and speed of service :D
Service was fast. 
The service is not friendly. 
The food quality and the service is great. 
 this place is an ok place for a quick and friendly service. 
Service: 4 Stars
 and the customer service is fantastic. 
 good service. 
 I didn't expect super fresh from a quick service place. 
 I have to say that I was very disappointed as I know other quick service spots I have been to were much better. 
 After service. 
 The wait and service are dull and not their strong suite. 
 The staff were all Indians. 
 Nice service to offer me the tasting for curries. 
It's a quick service place - you pick whatever on the warmer. 
 tooootally worth it) and pretty nice service. 
 Their service is kind a like panda express and a person is always more than full with the 2 item combo. 
 The service was attentive and friendly. 
Service was good. 
 The service was great and the food was delicious
 But if you're looking for good food quick with great service. 
Parking has never been a problem and the staff has always been kind. 
 I would much rather drive an extra 10 minutes and call in my order at a real Indian restaurant that can offer me better service and food for about $5 more bucks. 
 service was fine. 
Staff was very nice and definitely four star also. 
We were greeted with great customer service very friendly and even offered samples to help us decide what to order. 
Great Indian food at a good price and very fast service. I can be in and out in less than 5 min.
Awesome little find. Great portions for the price, and fresh Naan that won't dissapoint.
Although the selections are severely limited, each dish is very delicious. I particularly enjoy the curry goat. They also give you a lot of food per order, filling the entire carryout foam box. For the price,  it is superb value. 
Decent prices, tons of food, super delicious
Great portions of delicious, authentic food for a great price. I come here every chance I get!
Satisfy your curry cravings! This small spot offers an assortment of traditional Indian food. They pack each plate with a mountain of rice and your choice of sides. They also offer tasty, warm bread. The prices fairly reasonable. This is one of my favorite curry spots and probably one of the best around!This place is quick with good quality for its prices. 
 When that place also happens to serve bomb Indian inspired rice dishes at an amazing price point. 
 Good food and a great price is a universal phenomenon all people can understand. 
 their prices are very reasonable and you will walk out with a decent amount of food. 
 Price: 5
 Prices are very good too. 
 is on point especially for the price and speed at which it comes to you. 
The Service is fast and you cant beat the price. 
 the price is TOO GOOD. 
 reasonably priced. 
 reasonably priced. 
The portion is huge for the price. 
DELICIOUS FOOD+AFFORDABLE PRICE= PARADISE. 
 the eggplant curry and garlic naan which costs a little bit more than the regular naan. 
  The prices were O. 
 a lot more usage of spice (higher food cost. 
 both other places would be too expensive. 
 I've had a lot of Indian food before and this is as good as you can get for the price. 
 BBQ - They raised the lunch prices from $9. 
 quality and price. 
 That's like a dinner price. 
Costco - You can rave about the hot dogs and pizza all you want. 
 Their only entrée option is very expensive. 
 Prices are reasonable. 
Come here if you like great Indian food at a fair price. 
 fast and very inexpensive. 
And the prices. 
  Price is a little high. 
Prices are reasonable and comparable to all take out I've seen. 
