 wanted to visit his favorite place before he left. 
We have visited this place 3 times in just a couple of months. 
We picked this place because we had a Korean student traveling with us. 
This place apparently only has tables of 6. 
 So glad our other place was closed for remodel. 
Picked this place because of ratings. 
 We waited for 90mins before e got a place. 
This is a super cheap bbq placed owned by Koreans. 
 this isn't the place. 
 I am giving this place 5 stars even though I am cooking my own food. 
My husband and I stumbled upon this restaurant while we were looking for a place to eat. 
This is an all-you-can-eat BBQ place. 
Cool place and very clean. 
 this is a place that is sure to make you a fan. 
 If you've never been to a Korean BBQ place you need to try it at least once. 
Best KBBQ! Excellent service, and excellent food! Dinner AYCE is $23 but it's definitely worth it! Used to eat at Gen Korean BBQ but this one beats it. Definitely give this place a try, wait might be long though 
One of the best AYCE korean BBQ places.  Clean space, severs friendly and the meat is delicious!  This place can get a bit loud so don't expect to have quiet and sweet romantic moments.  This place is about stuffing your face with some darn good Korean BBQ!  Wait can be very long, but you can't blame them for being popular it just means the food is good.  They do give you a buzzer with a number so you can sit in the car or walk a max distance of 1 mile away (this is according to the severs I did not test it).  If it is your birthday let them know and be prepared to get embarrassed.
My new favorite AYCE KBBQ spot. We came at 6pm on a Thursday night, and the wait was about 35 minutes. By 6:30, the wait was about an hour. The service was the best I've ever received at a KBBQ restaurant. The servers were quick and friendly. I loved it! The server even brought out a kids tray for my son. So kid-friendly! The sides were all so good, and there were plenty of different sides. The meat was also some of the best that I've ever tried! I also enjoyed the small scoop of mint and chip ice cream at the end. It was the perfect way to end the meal. I'll be returning here often!The BEST KBBQ place around. Hands down. The food is delicious, they give you plenty of appetizers and don’t mind refilling them. When I asked for a lot of rice paper, guess what? They brought a ton of rice paper and kept me filled up  the whole time I was there. Most of the time, I didn’t even need to mention that I was running out and they would bring more.
There is usually a long wait for a table here. Sometimes over an hour depending on your party size, but it’s well worth the wait over any of the other Korean BBQ places in the Orange County area. And they somehow manage to do it while being an all you can eat place.
The problem I have with this place is the extremely loud, and very bright atmosphere. Kids screaming and running around wow... dangerous.
Quality of meat and service makes this Korean bbq a good time. Went with a party of six and we enjoyed almost every cut of meat from pork cheek to filet. Beer is good but they lose a star for surrounding us with tv's like this is a sports bar.
The meat selection is very good.  The quality of meat is excellent.  In addition the portion size is larger than other places.  The marinated meats are all excellent also.  Side dishes good too.  I really can't find a fault in the food.
The Best Korean BBQ in Fullerton. Good place for party.
This place is kinda ridiculously funny. Food is good. And the atmosphere is hilarious with tons of fun and activity and music going off to celebrate people's birthdays and clubby neon lighting. Food is good here, so the other stuff is just funny and entertaining 
This place is great for an ayce place. Came here around 830- 9 and had to wait til 10 before getting a spot.
One of the best kbbq places I've been to.
Great place, reminder call in ahead to see if there a lots of birthday party. Came on a day where there were 15 birthday. It took two hour to get in and seated 
This is the best Korean BBQ place i ve been so far.  Food was very fresh and meat was tender.  I will defintely come back again if i were in the area.The eating environment was like chilling at party USA. 
Be warned this place is NOT quite. 
 This place has become a go to for Korean bbq. 
My recommendation for this place is to try them during lunch. 
Service was so much better than other AYCE places I've been to. 
  This place is well worth the wait. 
-That is the main reason why I gave this place a 4 star instead of 5 because other than that I really like this place and the price is well worth the quality. 
 Overall I really recommend this place. 
This place is also a pretty awesome place to celebrate a birthday. 
 This place is great for groups. 
 I just have to go to this place again. 
 It was not a good place to talk to friends without having to shout. 
Others: Make note that there is a very long line for this place. 
 I won't mark down the place for this. 
 that just means this place is popular. 
 The place is busy. 
  If we have to flag down multiple servers to place an order for a soda. 
 Meat Quality: I would say my go to meat option for any KBBQ place is the beef brisket. 
 The standard to any good KBBQ place. 
 This place has amazing brisket. 
 This place has the best customer service of any KBBQ restaurant I've been to. 
Solid place for KBBQ in the OC area. 
Most Korean places I go to. 
 still do come around to check unlike most Asian places. 
Was craving kbbq and our previous favorite place was rebranded so decided to give this place a try due to their reviews. 
It's a little more expensive than other places I've been to . 
 I did not taste quality that was better than other places . 
 and I would overall recommend this place. 
This place gets packed ASAP. 
  This is not typical for all you can eat places. 
 this place is listed #27 on Yelp's Top 100 restaurants list for 2016. 
 So why do I love this place so much?
 I knew I was at the right place when the majority of the table was covered in food and you can't fit all of it in a picture haha. 
yelps-top-100-places-to-eat-in-the-us-for-2016-fast-track-to-a-food-coma
 BBQ the #1 KBBQ place in the United States of America. 
The thing that makes this place stand out the most is the service. 
Honestly I wasn't sure why a lot of people like this place. 
 Maybe it's because it's the only kbbq place in Fullerton?? Or it's very similar to Gen. 
 Maybe the reason why I didn't like this place was because their brisket was not that good. 
 But definitely not my go to place
 The servers come around pretty often to replace grills. 
 most of the things you have to ask for at many other KBBQ places). 
I can't say enough good things about this place - it's worth every penny and lives up to the hype. 
Service was good which you normally don't  expect from busy kbbq places. 
Probably the only decent place in Fullerton. 
This place is great and despite how crowded it was the wait wasn't too long and I'll likely be back if I'm ever in the area again. 
 this is the place to be. 
 better than a lot of other KBBQ places I've been to. 
 their bulgogi was perfectly marinated and not as sweet as other places. 
this place has no call bell like some of the other Corean places . 
 the only place i would hands down come for this. 
 misplaced orders a couple times. 
Tips: Overall I would not recommend this place. 
 I do like how they have so much choices on their menu that everything you would want on a kbbq place would be here. 
 and there's always a lot of people there cuz this place is just that great. 
There are many places for KBBQ on every corner nowadays. 
 With so many places to get your KBBQ fix. 
 This is one of the best places to embarrass your coworkers on their birthdays. 
The lasting impression? "There are many KBBQ places you can choose from in SoCal . 
 Some servers at other KBBQ places forget to bring dishes you requested for. 
 Brisket aka the most famous cut at an ayce bbq place was DRY. 
This place has thee most banchans ever. 
Definitely recommend this place. 
 Mr BBQ has found its place in Yelp's Top 100 places to eat in the U. 
 if any smaller groups are looking for a KBBQ place that seats people in the order that they arrive. 
 a place recently opened in Brea on Imperial Hwy. 
I just recently introduced this place to my boyfriend from Iowa and he can't wait to come back and eat here again. 
 this place is pretty spacious and has a hip vibe to it . 
 was lucky enough that the guy that replaced him fixed our bill and let us know about the happy hour. 
I enjoy going to this place. 
 I enjoyed this place. 
 there was no high quality meat here that would blow any other KBBQ place out of the water. 
 and the salad is a lot better than most KBBQ places because of the addition of carrots and daikon in it. 
 Would definitely recommend this place to everyone. 
 I can't imagine how bad weekends are for this place. 
 But that is probably because this place is amazing and a lot of people come here and take their time eating. 
 I highly recommend this place. 
Highly recommend this place and would def come again . 
 much more than other AYCE places I have to say. 
 The cuts of meat are actually pretty decent and high quality as compared to other places. 
 for the price of an AYCE place. 
 this place lives up to the hype. 
 I recommend other alternatives because this place is pricey. 
 this place is FUN. 
  My husband is planning on having his annual company party at this place he loved it so much. 
 I really like this place. 
This is a great place for birthdays. 
 I will definitely be recommending this place to my friends that come to visit. 
BEST BBQ PLACE IN SO CAL. 
Read some reviews on Yelp and I 'm glad I checked out this place. 
 I could totally see this place was poppin. 
 It does not compare to those other chain KBBQ places. 
The meat quality here is good compared to places like college-student-low-budget Red Castle or Cham Sut Gol. 
 Great place to bbq and beer. 
Service was dedicated waiters rather than the zone defense most ayce places employ. 
 There was also a BUNCH of oil splatter from the grill to the point where the surrounding surface had a layer of grease by the end of it all. 
Really wanted to like this place because of all the positive reviews. 
 It sucks cause we definitely don't have a place half as good as Mr. 
 Then the workers surround the table with horns and lights. 
 this place definitely deserves it. 
For the price this place is a real bargain. 
 This place deserves to be on Yelp's Top 100. 
I have been to numbers of KBBQ places in the OC. 
 and this place tops all of them. 
This place apparently only has tables of 6. 
I liked this place and would love to come back. 
 You will need to wait to be seated this place is popular. 
 especially at an all you can eat place. 
 where can i start with this place? walking in. 
 it definitely reminds me of Gen or other kbbq places that can sorta look like a nightclub. 
I hate how most authentic kbbq places only serve korean beers. 
 BBQ is #27 of the top 100 places to eat in US by Yelp. 
It is a little pricier than other places. 
 They have pretty much the same items as every other AYCE place. 
I think this place is worth the wait. 
Premium Beef Belly: first time having beef belly at a kbbq place. 
 better than most places I've been to in orange county. 
The environment was really fun as well. 
** In note of parking: the place only has valet parking. 
I wouldn't say that there's anything too outstanding about this place. 
 compared to some lower-priced priced places. 
 this place definitely has better meat quality. 
If there was anything to complain about for this place is the wait time. 
 it's no wonder why this place had an hour and ten minute wait. 
  I couldn't tell you if this place is not busy. 
We will definitely be back at this place when we are back in town. 
 overall the meats ranged from okay to pretty darned good for this type of place. 
 The other place we went just gave us the scissors. 
Overall great place and worth to keep going as your go to kbbq place
 This goes above and beyond any expectations I've ever had for this place and he singlehandedly is the reason why I'm coming back to this place and asking for him specifically every time. 
place is over hyped. 
It is definitely a cool place to go celebrate one's birthday with a large group. 
 with the high price comes high quality meat and a good environment. 
The place is always busy. 
 Definitely give this place a try. 
I will definitely be coming to this place a lot more now. 
 I mean overall this place really can't be beat even though the wait was about an hour on a Sunday night. 
This restaurant is a little bit pricier than most of the K-town AYCE KBBQ places with the lowest tier of their dinner menu being priced at $22. 
 and the meat is better than other places. 
 like 99% of KBBQ places. 
 I'd recommend this place. 
  The brisket was super juicy and has very limited fat which means this place rules. 
  The place is clean. 
 and the food was pretty good (on the same level as other KBBQ places). 
 Great place to eat Korean BBQ. 
 This place is worth your price and definitely the best KBBQ in my book. 
This place has. 
 the best service that I've ever recieved at any kbbq place. 
 which I never do at any other kbbq place. 
I love this place and will definitely be back for the fine service and delicious food. 
 I'm sorry to say that the quality of the meat at Mr BBQ isn't much better than other places that charge a lot less money. 
 The food was whatever taste like any other Korean bbq place. 
 Their meat doesn't have that frozen texture that you might get from other kbbq places. 
 The quality of their meat here just tastes a lot better than a lot of places I've been to. 
 This place is no joke. 
 She kindly greeted us as we placed our name on the wait list. 
 Christine never once got mad or irate for every time we placed an order or have a request. 
 this place is great. 
 very great place for family dinners. 
I suggest everyone come and check this place out. 
Environment: Club-like. 
colorful lights and family friendly environment. 
 it's more colorful and fun than most AYCE KBBQ places. 
 It's a fun place. 
Overall: Chill place. 
 the place was not as packed is it usually is. 
 this place was busy and we did not once feel like we were ignored and that's a huge plus. 
 I recommended this place to anyone in the area or willing to make the drive it is a little pricier than the premium KBBQ spots in K-town . 
If you were to do a blind taste test with the meat here and from another KBBQ place. 
 That's about all that was premium at this place. 
 Once our orders was placed. 
 that's expected at most kbbq places anyways. 
 BBQ is a cool place to eat if you in the Fullerton area . 
 This place also have complimentary ice cream if you still have room for dessert. 
This place has got to be my new all time favorite ayce Kbbq. 
The place is VERY noisy inside. 
 the place is crazy busy. 
  Its also a fun environment. 
This place by a long shot is my #1 place for ACYE kBBQ. 
 The service is really good here compared to many other places. 
 I don't mind it personally because this place can get packed and the parking lot is very limited. 
 Nice environment. 
 The overall atmosphere of this place is trendy & very hip and suiting for college students. 
 they had a sign posted up stating that they are ranked #27 in the US top places to eat for 2016. 
If this place is so good. 
 Pricing in comparison to other KBBQ places are a little more. 
 Good place to kill time & have a few drinks. 
 one of my top places to come eat. 
I visited with a good friend who read about this place on Yelp. 
 the food is always good. 
Today service and food was direct hit. 
Great food. 
 The food was SO good. 
 We opted for a weekday lunch at this AYCE (all you can eat) figuring it would not be as busy and that we would avoid a too-long wait plus one in our party would not be able. 
 So many choices of food. 
 We were all loving the great food. 
99 dinner All You Can Eat. 
We had dinner for my 50th birthday celebration and we were all amazed with the service from the staff. 
 the food were awesomely delicious. 
 My husband took me and our daughter here today for my belated birthday dinner at Mr. 
 The food just keeps coming. 
 Excellent food . 
 The food was tasty. 
Excellent food with a large array of pickled vegetables and numerous meats to choose from. 
 excellent food. 
 I am giving this place 5 stars even though I am cooking my own food. 
 BBQ with our daughter and some friends for lunch. 
 Wanted to do dinner originally . 
 So ended up going for lunch the next day. 
 There's lunch special . 
What a delightful dinner. 
 the freshness and taste remained incredible. 
 The food smells so good while they are being cooked. 
 First time visit and on a Thursday for lunch. 
 We were seated asap and brought a bottle of filtered drinking water. 
 decided to try it last week for a quick lunch. 
Best KBBQ! Excellent service, and excellent food! Dinner AYCE is $23 but it's definitely worth it! Used to eat at Gen Korean BBQ but this one beats it. Definitely give this place a try, wait might be long though 
One of the best AYCE korean BBQ places.  Clean space, severs friendly and the meat is delicious!  This place can get a bit loud so don't expect to have quiet and sweet romantic moments.  This place is about stuffing your face with some darn good Korean BBQ!  Wait can be very long, but you can't blame them for being popular it just means the food is good.  They do give you a buzzer with a number so you can sit in the car or walk a max distance of 1 mile away (this is according to the severs I did not test it).  If it is your birthday let them know and be prepared to get embarrassed.
One of my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ spots. Great for lunch and dinner. The quality of food and service is excellent. 
Best KBBQ from San Diego until you reach LA, irregardless of AYCE or not.  You don't even have to order premium, the original is just as quality.  #6 Mr BBQ on the original is very similar to the premium short ribs.  What's also great is they have Kids prices 5-10 year old $9.99 lunch and $13.99 dinner.
Cheap and yummy. Even though you need to wait (maybe a long time), cause you can play cards when u wait!( TIP: if you don't want to wait, go 5.pm if you want dinner, and go 10.am if you go to lunch. Lunch is much cheaper.)
Great food.. go here hungry, ask for as much as you want don't be scared.. :) always busy.. 
My new favorite AYCE KBBQ spot. We came at 6pm on a Thursday night, and the wait was about 35 minutes. By 6:30, the wait was about an hour. The service was the best I've ever received at a KBBQ restaurant. The servers were quick and friendly. I loved it! The server even brought out a kids tray for my son. So kid-friendly! The sides were all so good, and there were plenty of different sides. The meat was also some of the best that I've ever tried! I also enjoyed the small scoop of mint and chip ice cream at the end. It was the perfect way to end the meal. I'll be returning here often!The BEST KBBQ place around. Hands down. The food is delicious, they give you plenty of appetizers and don’t mind refilling them. When I asked for a lot of rice paper, guess what? They brought a ton of rice paper and kept me filled up  the whole time I was there. Most of the time, I didn’t even need to mention that I was running out and they would bring more.
I highly recommend this restaurant to any lovers of Korean BBQ or anyone who wants a meal with a smile or just a lot of food.
Over-rated... the price is comparable with most Korean BBQ in the area. The food is greatly good and the service is excellent. 
The meat selection is very good.  The quality of meat is excellent.  In addition the portion size is larger than other places.  The marinated meats are all excellent also.  Side dishes good too.  I really can't find a fault in the food.
Long wait on busy days but worth it! Went with 4 other people and got the combo 2 for $99+ soooo much food! Good but really filling, better to get the individual plates.
This place is kinda ridiculously funny. Food is good. And the atmosphere is hilarious with tons of fun and activity and music going off to celebrate people's birthdays and clubby neon lighting. Food is good here, so the other stuff is just funny and entertaining 
Food was great, service was even better. Our waiter brought us two free dishes to try out, and it was a good amount of food, even for 8 people. I would definitely be back
This is the best Korean BBQ place i ve been so far.  Food was very fresh and meat was tender.  I will defintely come back again if i were in the area.There's something about the meats that tastes so flavorful. 
 Everyone is so nice and food is always served on time and they never made any mistakes whenever we visit. 
 The food will speak for itself once you try it. 
 The rice sheets tasted slightly old and stiff. 
I came here today for lunch with my brother and have probably received the best service ive ever had at any Korean BBQ and ive been eating KBB for almost 10 years. 
On to the food. 
99 per person to experience the highest quality food they could provide. 
 Most of our items were beef and seafood. 
 Thanks to the Back Room which is a bar located behind the restaurant as that made our time go by after having a couple of drinks before our buzzer went off. 
99 on weekends and dinner. 
 fish cakes. 
Food: We went with the premium menu for $31. 
Drinks:  Since it was Monday night football. 
 The food is delicious and you won't be disappointed. 
Foodie tip: enjoy your meat even more by asking for the salt & sesame oil and dip all your meat in it. 
My recommendation for this place is to try them during lunch. 
  They don't have as many choices on the lunch menu. 
Our group of 10 had two grills to work with so that made cooking much more efficient and also allowed us to order more food at once. 
 tasted delicious. 
You like to have drinks while you're having amazing steaks?. 
  Other than that the food and service is 5 stars. 
 So I'm gonna start off by saying all their meat is very good and is above average quality and taste. 
 I guess they are hoping that as you're getting more full you don't notice that the quality of the food is going down and you might even blame your own judgement since you are full. 
 and she said that they always have a wait time during dinner everyday. 
 The only time you can come without waiting is weekdays at lunch time according to her. 
 I come during dinner time. 
The quality of the food is superb. 
 they are super stingy and are anal about food loss. 
  No other BBQ joints serves Filet as a part of their AYCE menu and it just tastes incredibly delicious. 
  they have a wide variety of side dishes that taste Aiites. 
 this is an AYCE and we just paid $32 per person for dinner. 
Coming in for a weekend dinner? Expect at least an hour+ wait. 
 Not sure if it's because it's lunch time. 
 I did not taste quality that was better than other places . 
 fish cakes. 
Whats asian food without rice??? We are sooooo needy . 
 I would definitely suggest coming for lunch to save a few bucks. 
its a lot of food choose from. 
food coma was creeping up. 
They didn't seem to have a charge for not eating all your food . 
Food:
) - knew when we wanted to order more food. 
 and have a few drinks as you wait. 
 the dinner price applies (+$20). 
What I love about Korean style food is the spread. 
 I knew I was at the right place when the majority of the table was covered in food and you can't fit all of it in a picture haha. 
drinks. 
 kept everything clean and asked if we wanted more food. 
yelps-top-100-places-to-eat-in-the-us-for-2016-fast-track-to-a-food-coma
I love the food there. 
 They have tons of different kind of meats and other food items like cold noodles. 
AYCE Dinner is $24 for the lowest one. 
The food here is your typical ayce Korean Barbeque . 
 refill drinks. 
Bulgogi: The best item from their AYCE lunch menu was the bulgogi. 
 stir fried fish cakes. 
Food was excellent - probably the widest array and most generous portions of banchan I've ever seen at KBBQ. 
99 for "PAYCE" (premium all you can eat lunch menu) was super reasonable - we started off the brisket (of course). 
 offering great food and not skimping. 
The food was ridiculously awesome. 
  they brought out a complimentary lunch tray with rice. 
 drink. 
 I can't wait to go back for lunch again. 
 i was there for lunch and was 1st customer so no wait. 
the food. 
- Great variety of meats and seafood items
  Mist everyone did not feel good and had to pack the food and left. 
  If you're a seafood person. 
It's $16 for lunch and they have a wide selection of quality meats. 
Food 3. 
 and food get burnt easily. 
 for the same price I get better food somewhere else. 
 tastes similar to Gen's Hawaiian steak. 
 its not the best kbbq I've tasted so far . 
 BBQ in Fullerton is one of the best spots and only spots I go to for the best quality food and excellent service. 
 Their menu options are extensive no matter which package you go to and during lunch or dinner. 
 Their food is consistently good quality from the side dishes to the meat selections. 
 their meat tasted bland compared to the meat here. 
 then it just tasted like the dry brisket. 
 Tastes like pure cream and sugar. 
Food quality - excellent 
 matches the food quality 
$23 dinner is a more than reasonable price for the variety and quality of meat you get. 
 honestly those samples were a round of drinks itself. 
The food was fresh and full of flavor. 
 If you come for lunch. 
99 and dinner is $23. 
 I'm going to say that lunch is wayyy more worth it value. 
 Dinner menu. 
 you get to spin it if you order $15 worth of drinks. 
 If you are coming during normal lunch or dinner hours. 
 I've learned my lesson and just show up at 11am for lunch to get my KBBQ fix here. 
food:
LUNCH ayce (11am-4pm M-F): $14. 
DINNER ayce (every other time ^. 
 dinner. 
 don't be dumb like us and show up thinking you're paying lunch price on weekends): $22. 
 they have a lot of different ones from the norm and they taste fresh
The variety of drinks that they have is also very nice. 
 they were charging dinner prices all day. 
 He did forget to bring our drinks. 
 That was a good thing because I'm eliminating sodas from my daily drinks . 
 Other than that we had a great lunch. 
 Perfect end to an awesome lunch. 
 especially the fish cakes and the radish wraps. 
The food is good. 
Great QUALITY selection of premium meats & seafood. 
 there was a weird taste to it. 
  Food was good. 
 A busser came to take our drink orders because the server was busy. 
I was in a rotten mood when we sat down for dinner because we literally waited an 1. 
FOODS: Great. 
Pro: A wide variety of quality meat and seafood. 
 It's so good and doesn't taste like alcohol. 
 it has odd taste. 
The food was delicious. 
Food was good. 
 Great food and service and I was glad I didn't have to wait
 food was quick. 
As for the food itself. 
 we've tried both dinner menus. 
 Lots of meat varieties and seafood as well. 
 $32 ayce dinner is a bit pricey. 
 the dinner prices are pricey. 
They have a decent selection of banchan (fish cake anyone?) and side dishes. 
  It tasted great and complimented the heaps of korean bbq in my stomach at that point. 
 smoke and sizzling food from all the grills at each table. 
  The manager came by and asked how our evening and meal was at the end of our dinner and thanked us for being there as well as wishing me a happy birthday. 
lounge restaurant type area in the back where you can hang out and get drinks while waiting. 
In terms of the food. 
 think of it as a nice walk to walk off all the food you just ate. 
Lunch: It's about $14. 
 I know they just recently discontinued the steamed egg during lunch time which is a bummer. 
 At some KBBQ restaurants the banchan options are very limited during lunch time. 
 BBQ they still have a pretty big selection whether you visit during lunch or dinner. 
 They usually have a buy one drink get one drink 50% off during lunch time Monday through Thursday. 
Dinner: For $22. 
99 for just the regular dinner selection. 
 Their banchan selection is typically larger during dinner time. 
 Employees here are always willing to refill you drinks. 
 Went here for lunch which runs about $20 a person with drinks. 
 I heard dinner is even better (choice-wise). 
 Lunch was no wait around 12:30 pm during the weekday. 
 I loved the fact that they were changing out our grill consistently so we didnt get the charred taste from cooking the meats. 
The food. 
 and the Scallop were the seafoods that we had. 
At least they have a bar in the back where you can grab some drinks and apps to kill the time. 
The quality of the food is very good for AYCE KBBQ. 
 I went during lunch hours so the price was about $16. 
Food: Less fat on the meat. 
Went on a weekday during lunch time so there was no crowd and the meal was cheaper being $15 for the lunch special. 
 The down side of this is that they didn't taste too good. 
 it tasted like it was watered down or similar to the broth made from instant noodle packets. 
 fish cake. 
We had a la cart food from the lunch menu which still came with banchan. 
 They didn't even bother with offering us rice so it was a protein packed dinner with little servings of ban chan. 
 The dinner was actually a great deal at $23. 
Came here for my sisters bday lunch on a Tuesday. 
 and getting you all the food you need. 
 probably during lunch time. 
 because lunch is only $15. 
 we already knew what we wanted so we ordered our meat and drinks right away. 
 I had to track someone down for our drinks. 
 maybe for lunch when it shouldn't be as busy or hectic. 
- - food - -
 dip in the sauces provided for an extra taste. 
 it makes it taste that much better. 
i don't know why i thought this tasted so good. 
 i swear there was a different taste added to this steamed egg compared to other restaurants. 
 not only for the food. 
 I was referring to the yummy food. 
 the food and the service were exceptional. 
 I think it's around $24 for the basic dinner AYCE. 
especially because there is a bar (The Back Room) connected to it so that you can hang out and get a drink to whet your appetite. 
 My BF started adding stuff to it to make it taste better. 
The food was yummy. 
  The food also came out pretty quick which is awesome. 
 I'm not a huge drinker. 
  But considering how good the food is here. 
 I noticed some plates of brisket tasted almost marinaded while others didn't. 
Would I want to try my luck at dinner?  Probably not. 
 After two rounds of drinks our buzzer went off. 
99 dinner menu. 
 The food and the service were on point. 
 About 90 minutes of gut-busting food gorging finished me. 
However the downside is that their prices for dinner sky rocket which is a big increase from their reasonable lunch price 
All that trouble and the Food 
 we've come early to beat the dinner crowd. 
  Really great KBBQ food and drink and service all around. 
 your drinks. 
99USD dinner price. 
 drink a couple shots of soju and enjoy the welcoming atmosphere that Mr. 
This restaurant is a little bit pricier than most of the K-town AYCE KBBQ places with the lowest tier of their dinner menu being priced at $22. 
  I believe you can order drinks too (non alcoholic). 
  I came through on the weekend so there wasn't the usual lunch deal of 14. 
  I had Eight a couple of days ago (which specializes in pork belly and even that didn't taste as good as this). 
 and the food was pretty good (on the same level as other KBBQ places). 
(Last note: the weekend AYCE price is the dinner price: $20. 
 Lunch: $15)
FOOD. 
 food is delish. 
 Food and service are A1 top notch. 
 When they came around for our third round saying that it's the last time we could order food because they were closing soon. 
 there was no way we could finish all of the food. 
The wait during lunch time is around 10-15 minutes which isn't bad at all. 
 There are also FOUR types of pork belly on the lunch menu and they were all fantastic. 
I love this place and will definitely be back for the fine service and delicious food. 
 and you can drink while you wait for your table. 
 they actually have a big waiting area where you can actually order drinks & play some board games to make the time pass by quicker. 
 The food was whatever taste like any other Korean bbq place. 
Food: Best Korean bbq joint in Orange County. 
  It seems like their marination it spot on with the meat or seafood they offer. 
 The quality of their meat here just tastes a lot better than a lot of places I've been to. 
 Their seafood was also very spot on. 
 they definitely know how to prep a mean kbbq dinner. 
Service: Their food is what keeps me coming back . 
 Their food is amazing and their customer service is even better. 
99 for premium menu (for dinner) 
The prices for dinner 1 is around $23 and to upgrade to dinner 2 is about $30. 
 There are better quality meat of course in dinner 2. 
 For lunch you can also order dinner menu so don't you worry. 
 very great place for family dinners. 
Food:  oh my goodness everything is definitely super DieLicous. 
 the taste in the meat in the way its marinated and the way they do things is so organized and no clusterF**** 
Great food and way better than Gen BBQ . 
Food: 
* Drinks: They have beer towers here. 
 and yummy food
If you were to do a blind taste test with the meat here and from another KBBQ place. 
 Meat tastes like any other meat. 
 it tasted great . 
 along with drinks. 
 We probably got about 2-3 plates of brisket because it's quick to cook and it tastes great. 
 After a couple drinks. 
 perhaps the change in taste is to shed light on my upcoming trip to Korea? Lol. 
 Maybe I'll try to go during lunch to avoid the crazy crowds. 
 Wish I could've rated the food. 
 Also the pricing is on the higher end of kbbq with dinner low at $20 per person. 
 The beef belly is like little fatty pieces of meaty perfection - it's really hard to describe taste lol. 
You cook the food yourself on a table with a grill. 
 The waiter was very friendly and explained the process a d regularly came back to change our grill because the food gets burnt on them. 
 wait for food to be cooked. 
 the food. 
 The two stews we got? Oh my god? Do you people even know what its supposed to taste like? No. 
 Tasted it once and didnt touch it again. 
 you handled the lunch rush so well. 
The food here is always superb. 
  Go to the bar on the other side of the building to get a drink or two while you're waiting. 
  The premium is pretty awesome too - you'll be able to get seafood options. 
Food Selection: 5 Stars
  Go at lunch when the line is more reasonable. 
THE FOOD: 
One thing I will say is that they took off the mr BBQ meat and egg soup off their lunch menu. 
 guess I just have to come back for dinner. 
 I've had my fair share of lunches and dinners here. 
 If you come for dinner & have a long wait. 
 Good place to kill time & have a few drinks. 
The standard PAYCE on weekends is the dinner on weeknights. 
 We tried every beef and seafood option on the list and threw in the Teriyaki chicken as well. 
 which had a great taste. 
  Christine seriously has made me question every putting up with the way sub par service we have gotten here and there for the sake of decent food. 
   We decided on the all you can eat lunch which is reasonably priced at $14. 
The service was fantastic and the quality of meat was fresh tasted great and seemed to be of the highest quality. 
The only negative is they do not have a soda fountain and only serve their soft drinks in a can. 
 service is either hit or miss. 
Today service and food was direct hit. 
Wonderful service. 
 The staffs are very friendly. 
 Service attentive and hospitable. 
We had dinner for my 50th birthday celebration and we were all amazed with the service from the staff. 
 They sang and danced as the staff sing a happy birthday song. 
 And this spot has incredible meats and seriously AMAZING waitstaff. 
 Usually the service is poor or the quality of the meat is poor or the atmosphere is poor. 
 Service is fast and friendly and prices are reasonable. 
 Amazing service. 
 The staff is great. 
 The service was excellent the staff is very welcoming and helpful. 
 provided excellent service (changed our grill at least 5 times. 
 The meat was really fresh and service was good. 
 The staff. 
Best KBBQ! Excellent service, and excellent food! Dinner AYCE is $23 but it's definitely worth it! Used to eat at Gen Korean BBQ but this one beats it. Definitely give this place a try, wait might be long though 
One of my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ spots. Great for lunch and dinner. The quality of food and service is excellent. 
My new favorite AYCE KBBQ spot. We came at 6pm on a Thursday night, and the wait was about 35 minutes. By 6:30, the wait was about an hour. The service was the best I've ever received at a KBBQ restaurant. The servers were quick and friendly. I loved it! The server even brought out a kids tray for my son. So kid-friendly! The sides were all so good, and there were plenty of different sides. The meat was also some of the best that I've ever tried! I also enjoyed the small scoop of mint and chip ice cream at the end. It was the perfect way to end the meal. I'll be returning here often!The BEST KBBQ place around. Hands down. The food is delicious, they give you plenty of appetizers and don’t mind refilling them. When I asked for a lot of rice paper, guess what? They brought a ton of rice paper and kept me filled up  the whole time I was there. Most of the time, I didn’t even need to mention that I was running out and they would bring more.
They are always so courteous, the employees seem like they enjoy working here, and it show in their excellent customer service and willingness to go above and beyond for their patrons.
Over-rated... the price is comparable with most Korean BBQ in the area. The food is greatly good and the service is excellent. 
Quality of meat and service makes this Korean bbq a good time. Went with a party of six and we enjoyed almost every cut of meat from pork cheek to filet. Beer is good but they lose a star for surrounding us with tv's like this is a sports bar.
Really good near quality meat and a large selection of sides. We were recommended the marinated sirloin, which was very tender and delicious. There's no button, but the staff are very attentive. Not a fan of the birthday vuvuzela though; it was really loud and annoying. 
The facility is modern and clean.  They definitely strive for an entertaining atmosphere with great customer service.  All the servers were very nice... Looks like they hire primarily students.  There were plenty of TVs so that anywhere you sit you could see one.
Mr BBQ is amazing. Their service is outstanding. Sometimes you have to wait to be seated but it's worth it!
Food was great, service was even better. Our waiter brought us two free dishes to try out, and it was a good amount of food, even for 8 people. I would definitely be back
 Oh and I can't forget how great the staff and service is here. 
What stands out here is the service. 
I came here today for lunch with my brother and have probably received the best service ive ever had at any Korean BBQ and ive been eating KBB for almost 10 years. 
 He exemplifies what customer service is and Mr BBQ is lucky to have this guy working for them. 
 I kind of feel bad for the staff because on top of their normal duties. 
The service was really good. 
 My server was Vanessa and she was super helpful and had great service. 
 And the service - WOW. 
 BBQ has been compared to Gen for superior quality meats and service. 
Service: fast and efficient. 
Service was so much better than other AYCE places I've been to. 
Service was attentive and price was fair. 
Service here was top notch and our server was very quick in putting in our meat orders and restocking the rice paper and other sides. 
Another bright spot here is the service. 
  Other than that the food and service is 5 stars. 
-So the service is amazing the staff are very friendly and nice and they REALLY sing and dance to you for your birthday. 
 it offers supreme service for the genre. 
The staff is wicked quick with a grill change and they make the beer flow like an avalanche. 
Service: 6 stars
Now in terms service. 
Service (4): Typical good KBBQ service. 
 that does not excuse THIS particular server on THIS particular day to to give us SUBPAR service. 
 Great quality meat and amazing service. 
 Customer Service: Top notch. 
 This place has the best customer service of any KBBQ restaurant I've been to. 
 the staff here was extremely accommodating to our party (even at the volume of customers). 
Service was ok. 
 their service was pretty good. 
 Friendly host staff and large wait staff. 
 i've been to many Korean BBQ joints and this is by far the best customer service we have experienced. 
 Kinda reminded me of Fogo De Chao Steakhouse Service . 
 Service was so good that i'm mentioning it twice. 
 service was great. 
First the service here is OUTSTANDING. 
  They actually provide service and cook and cut for you. 
Service:
 the best service I've had in a KBBQ restaurant. 
 the best service I've ever had in a restaurant in general. 
 rap song and have their entire staff dance in front of you. 
The young staff always changed the grill. 
The thing that makes this place stand out the most is the service. 
 I've had good service at KBBQ restaurants before. 
 the service was not that great. 
The staff is friendly and always willing to help. 
Service: The staff was really attentive in taking orders and bringing them out promptly and there was never a moment where I had to flag someone down. 
Service was good which you normally don't  expect from busy kbbq places. 
Service was attentive and the selection was incredible. 
 The restaurant is huge and the staff changed out the grills regularly and seemlessly. 
Service: friendly. 
 the staff is very friendly and they will give you what you ask in time. 
 and attentive service
The service here was spectacular and really set them apart from the other AYCE bbq restaurants. 
 sides are good and service here is always great. 
Service 3. 
 fast service and great price. 
 Super nice staff. 
 BBQ in Fullerton is one of the best spots and only spots I go to for the best quality food and excellent service. 
 & I go back to this location is the exceptional service. 
 The entire staff is fun. 
 and on top of customer service. 
 he is a natural at exceptional customer service. 
 What I also appreciate is their accommodating service. 
Service - incredibly prompt and friendly 
 about ten good sides plus excelent service. 
 consistently excellent service. 
Service could of not been anymore perfect. 
 True definition of customer service. 
 This establishment shines above any other Korean BBQ experience because of their stance on superior customer service. 
Service is always top notch here. 
 super friendly staff. 
Parking is always an issue here so they had to start a valet service for $2 on the weekends. 
 why it's sooo packed - their service and meat quality is really good. 
- Staff really go all out when it comes to singing happy birthday for birthday people. 
immediately service was on point from our waiter Peter who greeted us and made us feel real welcome. 
 service is always good. 
 because I always feel like service is always the hard part with Korean bbq restaurants. 
The genuine happiness on the staffs faces while singing happy birthday was a sight to see. 
NOTE: they make the entire staff sing for you on your birthday
You belong at Cham Sut Gol with your poor attitude and service. 
 The only real standout here was the service. 
 Service is good. 
Very attentive service. 
 service. 
Service was great. 
Great service. 
 Service is fast and they exchange your grill quickly too. 
 Service was superb and quick. 
The service really stood out to me here. 
Service: Awesome. 
 Too bad my sister was too shy so I didn't tell the staff it was her bday haha. 
  The service was perfect. 
The service was outstanding as well. 
 I only wish every restaurant I went to had the same level of service. 
Now here is the part that blew me away: the service for the kids. 
 Great food and service and I was glad I didn't have to wait
 Service was pretty good. 
 Service was prompt. 
The service here is absolutely amazing and easily puts big chain KBBQ competitors like Gen to shame. 
 the staff is so attentive that you'll be full before time's up. 
 And if it's your birthday the staff will totally call you out and do the Harlem Shake (https:. 
What's the price for such attentive service? A really long wait. 
service was also not what i remembered. 
 Friendly staff. 
Could easily be a 5star if the service improves. 
  They played in da club (go shorty it's your birthday) by 50 cent on the speakers and all the wait staff came out to our table singing along and cheering me. 
  The manager came by and asked how our evening and meal was at the end of our dinner and thanked us for being there as well as wishing me a happy birthday. 
One of the charms of Mr BBQ is that they have good service. 
 The best service I have gotten at AYCE. 
 that was the best service I received in America. 
 And they definitely made up for the service we received before. 
Also can't forgot the exceptional service that we had from our server. 
Great service. 
Service: Always great. 
Service here is: BEYOND EXCEPTIONAL. 
 Really speedy service even though it was so busy. 
The wait staff is awesome. 
 Service overall is just okay. 
Service: Fantasic. 
Cleanliness:  Just as great as the service
Service was dedicated waiters rather than the zone defense most ayce places employ. 
Service was really good. 
As for the service. 
 I'm a server too and I really really appreciated the great customer service she provided. 
They honestly possess top notch customer service. 
 Service is excellent and although the speed of meat slowed a bit after our first hour or so. 
 Service was excellent. 
 Very exceptional and prompt service from her. 
Service here is great. 
 every worker provides great customer service. 
 service is great. 
I'm only giving them 4 stars because the wait time is ridiculous and the service was meh. 
 service was not the greatest and we were not checked on very often. 
 one must comment on the noticeable high level of customer service here. 
- - service - -
 for the great service. 
 the food and the service were exceptional. 
Service:
  The service was great. 
Great service. 
The service was nice and friendly. 
 Service has always been on point. 
Our service was really great. 
STEPH JUDGEMENT: Quality and service are great . 
Service was friendly and attentive save one slip-up toward the middle of our meal when one order lapped the previous one. 
 The food and the service were on point. 
 BBQ's staff offer great service and are attentive. 
 Service is a bit slow and they might miss whatever you order sometimes. 
Costumer service was the only thing that was Excellent   
Won't find service like this at Disneyland haha. 
  Really great KBBQ food and drink and service all around. 
The service was insanely friendly. 
 It's very high quality and the service is amazing. 
 attentive service. 
Thank you Brian or Breezy for your excellent service. 
 that's probably just because they want to make sure the staff has enough time to provide stellar service to their guests. 
 the staff is friendly. 
Service here is awesome. 
But what really blew me away was the service. 
Service. 
 Food and service are A1 top notch. 
 I had such amazing service here with how accommodating they were about everything we asked for. 
 the best service that I've ever recieved at any kbbq place. 
 I was so happy with our service. 
 The WHOLE entire floor staff came out with like tambourines and a bazooka (is that what it's called? Idk) and sang Happy Birthday to her. 
I love this place and will definitely be back for the fine service and delicious food. 
  Service is above-average. 
The customer service here is also outstanding. 
 This is probably one of the first kbbq spots I've been to without a service bell. 
The staff though is really nice which is why I gave it 2 stars. 
Service: Their food is what keeps me coming back . 
 their customer service is what puts them over the top from those other KBBQ restaurants in Orange County. 
  If only all restaurant service was like theirs. 
 Truly great customer service from top to bottom. 
 Their food is amazing and their customer service is even better. 
 Customer Service
 BBQ once you get seated from the long wait is the service. 
 well worth it for quality and some of the most attentive service of my life. 
And the service was great. 
Service is great. 
 customer service:  is amazing even though they weren't our waiters. 
Service: Service here is good. 
 great service. 
 and overall excellent service. 
THE SERVICE IS AWESOME . 
 All the staff was gracious. 
 I would come here again for the service and atmosphere. 
The service was great though. 
Mr BBQ has won me over with superb service and great selection of quality meats. 
Service was incredible. 
 just writing this makes me want to cry because I've never had such amazing service. 
 Lol so girly right? But thank you for the full service . 
  Top notch service. 
Service: 5 Stars
 The service is really good here compared to many other places. 
 Love that nearly all of the staffs party it up when it's your birthday and blasting edm. 
 They do charge $1 for this service. 
Outstanding service. 
Along with that the service has always been a plus. 
 It is the first time in a long time that we have seen and experienced such service. 
 terrific meats and delicious banchan coupled with INCREDIBLE service. 
 Amazing how have such incredible service takes everything up a notch. 
  Christine seriously has made me question every putting up with the way sub par service we have gotten here and there for the sake of decent food. 
 I look forward to returning for both the meal and the service. 
The service was fantastic and the quality of meat was fresh tasted great and seemed to be of the highest quality. 
 The price is right. 
 fair price. 
 Service is fast and friendly and prices are reasonable. 
 Price increased to $14. 
Even with the price increase there was a solid selection of beef. 
Best KBBQ from San Diego until you reach LA, irregardless of AYCE or not.  You don't even have to order premium, the original is just as quality.  #6 Mr BBQ on the original is very similar to the premium short ribs.  What's also great is they have Kids prices 5-10 year old $9.99 lunch and $13.99 dinner.
Over-rated... the price is comparable with most Korean BBQ in the area. The food is greatly good and the service is excellent. 
 The difference is worth the additional cost. 
 Premium quality makes the bar go higher when consuming anything and so does the price tag. 
Service was attentive and price was fair. 
-That is the main reason why I gave this place a 4 star instead of 5 because other than that I really like this place and the price is well worth the quality. 
 which is why the price is so steep. 
  I recommend y'all get the expensive menu and feast on that. 
Price (4): Reasonable pricing for what you get at a KBBQ and the quality. 
 They say they don't have anymore of a particular item when it is kinda expensive. 
Totally worth the price. 
It's a little more expensive than other places I've been to . 
 If 1 person wants the premium the whole table is charged the higher price. 
 the filet and stuff  it cost extra . 
 the dinner price applies (+$20). 
 the price reflects why too. 
I wish price was a little lower . 
 they are simply the best and the price is excellent for what you get. 
Price 2. 
5: overpriced for its quality. 
 they have raised up the prices. 
 for the same price I get better food somewhere else. 
 which has been overrated and overpriced. 
 fast service and great price. 
Their meats are really of high quality(expected since price is pretty expensive). 
 and fair prices. 
$23 dinner is a more than reasonable price for the variety and quality of meat you get. 
 They have much better prices (premium meat included). 
 don't be dumb like us and show up thinking you're paying lunch price on weekends): $22. 
 they were charging dinner prices all day. 
What you ultimately get is a pretty good selection of meats for a higher price than you find elsewhere. 
- Options - higher price gives you access to other meat options. 
 it's not worth the price for the extra meats. 
 It's just too expensive. 
 for the price of an AYCE place. 
 prices were great. 
What's the price for such attentive service? A really long wait. 
 $32 ayce dinner is a bit pricey. 
 the dinner prices are pricey. 
 I recommend other alternatives because this place is pricey. 
The filet mignon was worth that price alone. 
 and great price. 
 I went during lunch hours so the price was about $16. 
 I mean if I love steak and ordered 2-3 plates of those it'd make sense to go with the expensive one. 
For the price this place is a real bargain. 
 it is worth the price. 
 cheaper and more pricey. 
 Go for more pricey if you see certain cuts of meat (like short rib) that's not on the regular menu. 
 they must just had a price increase. 
 comparable to Gen BBQ and others around the same price range. 
 compared to some lower-priced priced places. 
 I kind of regarded the price as a friendship tax because I had so much fun. 
However the downside is that their prices for dinner sky rocket which is a big increase from their reasonable lunch price 
Costumer service was the only thing that was Excellent   
It will be a little more expensive than what I'm used to. 
 with the high price comes high quality meat and a good environment. 
99USD dinner price. 
This restaurant is a little bit pricier than most of the K-town AYCE KBBQ places with the lowest tier of their dinner menu being priced at $22. 
(Last note: the weekend AYCE price is the dinner price: $20. 
Price. 
 This place is worth your price and definitely the best KBBQ in my book. 
Mr BBQ's most expensive option ($27. 
 you may be disappointed with the price. 
  Kids are about half price. 
The prices are a little higher than other AYCE . 
The prices for dinner 1 is around $23 and to upgrade to dinner 2 is about $30. 
Thanks for the free good expensive name brand candies. 
 They also have a wide selection of things to order from depending on menu which of course varies in price. 
 price was ridiculous. 
Price: 5 Stars
 The meats here are truly good quality and the price isn't ridiculous either (bonus - free ice cream). 
   We decided on the all you can eat lunch which is reasonably priced at $14. 
