 The staff and manager were super nice place and I got a free &quot. 
 and the place wasn't very busy (yet). 
Nice pizza place. Good food,  good beer. Definitely going back!
Love every aspect of this place....service, food and atmosphere. I am at Oggis Fullerton regularly and have never had a bad meal there. All of their menu is amazing. 
My wife and I love this place, good pizza, great beer, staff make us feel welcome...  would like to give 5 stars, but parking is a problem.
 then this is the right place for you. 
There's definitely better places to eat . 
I'd give the place 5 stars. 
 Any place near a college is pricier. 
 while waiting I was checking out the place. 
   I'm sure this place is packed with college students on weekends since it's right at it's the steer from CSUF. 
As we walked in the place was busy as the Women's World Cup was about to come on. 
 all the other surrounding booths filled in the televisions were all changed to the upcoming soccer game. 
 I had looked down at my watch and realized we had been here for over 15 minutes without so much as an acknowledgment from a server let alone a drink order being placed. 
 and the place wasn't very busy (yet). 
 not too bad for a college place. 
  This is also one of the few places that offer all the MLB games on their 40 TV's. 
I would encourage everyone to try this place out. 
 They have plenty of natural lighting which helped the place to not look like a bar. 
  The booths and tables and surrounding woodwork went well together giving the place a sleek contemporary look. 
  This place is new and they seem to be working out the kinks just fine. 
  What I really appreciated was that the place split up the work. 
 none of these weird adjuncts that some places get carried away with (Yes. 
 I am looking down the road to you Placentia). 
 we didn't have any food in our new place because we just moved in. 
 we're on the search for our go-to pizza place. 
 so this place may have to be kicked out of our list. 
  Their original place in Orange was great. 
Not sure why this place only has 3 stars. 
  In the last 2 months we've been here 6 times and each time we always invite more friends to introduce them to this place. 
Haven't had a bad experience so I recommend to give this place a shot and try out their pizzas and burgers. 
 when I saw this place only had 3 stars. 
Great place to come for a brew. 
The place smelled like a construction site: odors of building materials. 
 Needless to say we left embarrassed that we suggested that place. 
 that is the only reason I don't rate this place one star. 
This place is really close to where my boyfriend lives. 
 The place was full at 6pm - they have a very good Happy Hour that ends at 7pm Monday through Friday. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
This place clearly exists for the sports and college students. 
This place blows Bj's out the water. 
 Plenty of other pizza and wings places. 
 They also have a beer reputation and it's a great environment for sports fans. 
My husband is a craft beer enthusiast and this place boasts a nice. 
Ps: as much as I love this place. 
 the food was amazing. 
Very slow service, regardless of how good the food is; there has to be a balance between service and quality and they do not have that.
Nice pizza place. Good food,  good beer. Definitely going back!
The pizza is pretty good but the sandwiches are a little disappointing. The food is a bit on the pricier side for dinner, but they have good lunch specials.
I've had Oggi's dine in and delivery and in both instances the food was great. Fast seating times and accurate delivery estimates make ordering a breeze. They have more than just pizza, but you'll come here for pizza.
delicious food, good beer selection and great service! i love coming here!
Had the chance to stop by Oggis last night and had a great time. They have awesome daily and happy hour specials and they don't skimp on their food portions too. If you like cheese fries check theirs out for happy hour. It will definitely fill you up. Oggis also has their own brews which is pretty neat. It's nice to see a brewery who focuses on traditional styles and does not lean on smoke and mirrors in their beer. "I'm calling you at barrel aged, nitro, wild,  and other hoopla people add to beer when it is not really necessary." They have ample space and fit a group of 15 on short notice with no problem. You get college students, professors, and locals at this spot. Service was a tad slow, but other than that no complaints!
Love every aspect of this place....service, food and atmosphere. I am at Oggis Fullerton regularly and have never had a bad meal there. All of their menu is amazing. 
Bad slow service. Had event here, took too long to receive food and beer.
Just had a hamburger here and got food poisoned....So good luck! I didn't want to waste the food. 
As for the food. 
 We had to take half of our food to-go. 
 If you don't care for the quality of the food or service and just want to watch a football game. 
 the pineapple did not taste fresh and might have been straight out of a can. 
 the pizza was layered with way too much cheese which masked any other flavors except the strange pineapple taste. 
 I can see myself stopping by for appetizers and a drink. 
 ours and ignored us for over twenty minutes without one person even coming up to ask what we would like to drink. 
 let alone order food. 
 received food and drinks. 
I can't say anything bad about free food. 
 It had a weird taste to it. 
 The drinks could do better. 
 There was nothing wrong with the whiskey portion of the drink. 
 I couldn't tell what I was drinking. 
 we saw that they set aside a glass of coke to make their drinks. 
 The server was nice about it and went back to the kitchen to get another glass of coke to make our drinks. 
 i feel sorry for whoever orders the next drink that needs coke. 
 I hate to say although we really like the food we will not be returning to this location. 
 and the food was decent. 
Three stars for food. 
 along with the food and drinks. 
 Not only was she completely absent when trying to order food . 
 I just wanted the quality of the food to match. 
 I had looked down at my watch and realized we had been here for over 15 minutes without so much as an acknowledgment from a server let alone a drink order being placed. 
  As I looked around I noticed that all 3 other booths seated after us had drinks and servers coming to the tables to take orders. 
The only plus for the night was the delicious In & Out Burger for saving the day and finally allowing us the food and beverage we so craved. 
They have a wide variety of food to choose from. 
 service and food was outstanding . 
We ordered a bunch of happy hour food (HH ends at 7 pm) and the food came out hot and fresh. 
 food was tasty. 
The best part of the whole experience is definitely the food. 
 We began with soft drinks and garlic knots (my fave. 
 The drinks came out quickly - then the knots. 
 Here comes the food. 
 The lady who sat us was also running food. 
 we enjoy our food. 
 a large meat pizza and a few rounds of drinks. 
Expect to wait even longer for your food. 
 a solid 15-20 for drinks. 
Mediocre food and beers on tap. 
The food was slighty on par with BJs and Yardhouse. 
 or other bar inspired foods. 
 so our food was going to take longer. 
 especially since we came just as the rush of the dinner crowd came. 
  Bartender hubby made me a strong drink. 
 he made me another drink. 
 we didn't have any food in our new place because we just moved in. 
All of the foods were piping hot. 
  We went to the one in Tustin by our house and we weren't impressed with the food or service. 
  Food. 
Food: 5. 
  We sat at the bar and trying to find our waitress the entire time we were there after she took our food orders was a mission in itself. 
Food is 4. 
It was a slow day and it took forever for the food to come out and 10 minutes for a scoop of ice cream?. 
 The food was good. 
 Average bar type restaurant food. 
Now for the food. 
 The bread and beef itself was just too dry and tasteless I couldn't finish start on the second slider. 
 Frozen wings taste better. 
 dry and tasteless. 
 If I ever get dragged back here and forced to order a pizza yet alone their food. 
 I rather just watch them at home and enjoy better food from the freezer isle. 
every time we come here the food is really good and the service is good as well. 
As for the food. 
As far as food goes. 
  My husband had the fish tacos and he said they were good as well. 
 We were seated fairly quickly and given our menus and we're able to get in one round of drinks in before happy hour ended. 
 almost like drinking water. 
 I tasted the lemon that I squeezed in more than the beer. 
I also ordered the fish and chips which were (surprise. 
 just like the fish. 
 the fish was much better mostly because the tartar sauce had a nice flavor to it. 
 My friend ended up getting the chicken parmesan that looked like something out of a banquet dinner box. 
 Her chicken parm was cold and tasted like it was just microwaved. 
 Their coleslaw was brown and tasted like it was made days ago and was just sitting out drying up waiting for someone to order it. 
 I had almost all of my food left and she didn't even offer a box. 
 Then all the "What happened?" "What's wrong?" "Was it the food?" questions started. 
Oggi's does a lunch special from 11am-4pm. 
 Before ordering from the lunch special menu. 
 I asked my server if I was allowed to use my VIP card with the lunch special. 
 I also ordered a drink that was 2. 
49 for the drink(the drink was ok). 
 apparently you can't use the VIP card with the lunch special. 
Two massive breaded and fried chicken breast pieces pounded down and severed on top of pasta that unfortunately was served with the same tasteless sauce. 
 Food was inedible. 
Today at lunch. 
  This is lunch folks--we don't have all day. 
  Good food. 
One time we watched the assistant manager smoke a cigarette and chit chat with the manager outside while my food order was wrong. 
 I need to go back to focusing on the food. 
 Come in for happy hour to get good food & drink specials. 
You can get a similar menu at a much better value and taste elsewhere in Fullerton. 
I took my roommate here today for lunch and we were both extremely hungry. 
 The hostess finally emerged from the kitchen to give 3 people waiting with their to-go food and seated us. 
 may give their take-out a try since the food is quite tasty. 
 The food was cold. 
 and the fries tasted like they been sitting for a while. 
 I managed to sit at the bar until 10:08 without being acknowledged  or offered a drink. 
The entrees just taste like any other typical brewery pizza spot- nothing special. 
 Come in for happy hour to get good food & drink specials. 
You can get a similar menu at a much better value and taste elsewhere in Fullerton. 
I took my roommate here today for lunch and we were both extremely hungry. 
 The hostess finally emerged from the kitchen to give 3 people waiting with their to-go food and seated us. 
 may give their take-out a try since the food is quite tasty. 
 The food was cold. 
 and the fries tasted like they been sitting for a while. 
 I managed to sit at the bar until 10:08 without being acknowledged  or offered a drink. 
The entrees just taste like any other typical brewery pizza spot- nothing special. 
 in the end it was the food that was mediocre. 
 We were greeted promptly at the desk and our waiter was quite prompt with menus and taking our drink order. 
 Had to ask for silverware and napkins twice and when my friend arrived took forever to get someone's attention to get him a beer and food. 
 Highly disappointed in service food was enough to give them 2 stars. 
 ^^ not going to complain too much on free food
 they have great food and beer too. 
The mini cheesecake dessert is worth saving room for as well and definitely check out the lunch specials. 
 Fast service for our group of 20. 
 pleasant service. 
 The staff and manager were super nice place and I got a free &quot. 
Very slow service, regardless of how good the food is; there has to be a balance between service and quality and they do not have that.
Blackened Santa Fe Chicken salad was to die for! So good! Plus the service was amazing!
delicious food, good beer selection and great service! i love coming here!
Had the chance to stop by Oggis last night and had a great time. They have awesome daily and happy hour specials and they don't skimp on their food portions too. If you like cheese fries check theirs out for happy hour. It will definitely fill you up. Oggis also has their own brews which is pretty neat. It's nice to see a brewery who focuses on traditional styles and does not lean on smoke and mirrors in their beer. "I'm calling you at barrel aged, nitro, wild,  and other hoopla people add to beer when it is not really necessary." They have ample space and fit a group of 15 on short notice with no problem. You get college students, professors, and locals at this spot. Service was a tad slow, but other than that no complaints!
Love every aspect of this place....service, food and atmosphere. I am at Oggis Fullerton regularly and have never had a bad meal there. All of their menu is amazing. 
Excellent service and quality ingredients. the pizza is very good. The drafts selection is just as good. I was not impressed by the lettuce wraps: got peanuts and not cashews, sesame oil and mustard not enough as sauces, missing something a bit tastier. the chicken required more chives and to be cut into smaller more manageable pieces.
My wife and I love this place, good pizza, great beer, staff make us feel welcome...  would like to give 5 stars, but parking is a problem.
Bad slow service. Had event here, took too long to receive food and beer.
 The restaurant seemed to be understaffed. 
Service. 
 If you don't care for the quality of the food or service and just want to watch a football game. 
SERVICE
Great service. 
 I was unaware that this was our fault that the staff here went to every single table . 
 due to other one and two star reviews complaining about the horrid customer service even on slow days. 
It seems that bad service is a common issue at this location. 
Your additional bad attitude to customers who had a bad experience is also a reflection of you and the staff here as this seems to be common practice. 
 complaining about his horrible customer service experience at another business makes this even more hypocritical and funny. 
I don't know why other reviewers gave them only 1 star claiming their service is terrible. 
 the service will be slower. 
 the service stood out. 
The manager greeted me warmly. 
 But the service? The blonde girl who waited on our table was snotty and is the reason why we now walk right past their restaurant anytime we're nearby. 
 one star for service. 
 Great service. 
 you see waiters and or managers hustling about getting things done. 
It is clear by watching the staff work. 
 the service would be horrible. 
 Both times we've been here on Monday & Thursday the service has been good. 
 I'll leave you 20% on average service and up from there so just want you to know you earned all 10%
I am editing this to add that the server and service was excellent. 
 the crowd was getting ruckus and the staff swapped the sound from the television across the way to the screen directly above my wife. 
 the Groupon we have is ONLY good for this fabulous location whose service is horrendous. 
 service and food was outstanding . 
  Not only did the manager change the station. 
 Service is good. 
 I think I saw a floor manager. 
The manager brings out the side of fries - finally. 
 If I'm gonna pay 19 bucks for a medium 2-topping pizza I expect more than a bunch of forgetful staff members and having to clean my own booth and get my own plates. 
Service is annoying. 
  Usually the associate managers are the ones in charge. 
The service was not so bad as other reviews mention. 
 their house brew is perfectly serviceable. 
  We dig good service. 
Service: excellent. 
 Jasmine the manager was very attentive and super nice. 
Service was average. 
  We went to the one in Tustin by our house and we weren't impressed with the food or service. 
 service and prices need to be improved. 
Service: Taylor. 
What didn't do it for me this trip was the service. 
 the service leaves much to be desired. 
 service is 2. 
 frustrated only because the service was slow and the excuse. 
 the service was horrid. 
 I can go on and on about the service . 
 that means I'll be spending more time describing the service itself than the actual service I received. 
 don't go here unless you want to have terrible service. 
every time we come here the food is really good and the service is good as well. 
Service was great. 
 with a great staff. 
Service overall was good . 
The service was atrocious. 
The manager tries to resolve the situation and gets us another. 
 As we were leaving I asked another associate to speak with the manager. 
 who is the manager on duty? Our waitress. 
 I just went to the manager. 
  I just paid the bill anyway because I was just over the situation and the manager wouldn't do anything about it. 
Service was OK - I could see why others complained. 
 I simply feel they are under staffed. 
 The bartender even acknowledged that it was pricey and that she should validate my ticket "just in case" - which I thought was good service. 
 Very Good Happy Hour Menu - pizza needs a bit of work and a little slow on service. 
 it is so loud I'd wager the staff should be legally required to wear hearing protection. 
I do have to take two stars off for service. 
 It seems that they staff the restaurant with only a few of the same servers and bartenders because that's who I see working every time I come in. 
 They seem consistently understaffed and on multiple occasions I have had to wait more than 10 minutes for service. 
One time we watched the assistant manager smoke a cigarette and chit chat with the manager outside while my food order was wrong. 
 Service always amazing. 
We stood around for a few minutes to be seated since no one was manning the front desk. 
 new server or hopefully they can work it out between the staff instead of front of the customer which they did). 
One of the manager's who's a woman needs to be FIRED. 
 Worst service ever. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 the service was atrocious. 
 The worst part was hearing every other table and bar patron complain about the wait & the staff's attitude. 
 the bar was severely understaffed. 
Service wasn't very attentive. 
One of the manager's who's a woman needs to be FIRED. 
 Worst service ever. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 the service was atrocious. 
 The worst part was hearing every other table and bar patron complain about the wait & the staff's attitude. 
 the bar was severely understaffed. 
Service wasn't very attentive. 
 not the service. 
 We were greeted promptly at the desk and our waiter was quite prompt with menus and taking our drink order. 
Service on the other hand was pretty Damn bad. 
 Then the bartenders serving us were sitting in a back corner eating and talking while they had people who clearly need service( including our table). 
 Highly disappointed in service food was enough to give them 2 stars. 
The service is amazing I mean if you get a chance to be served by zack hes awesome tip him $20 cause this will be the best service ever. 
The staff is just so friendly in general. 
 Tons of staff. 
Complained to the manager and left. 
 and table service to boot. 
The staff is helpful and friendly. 
 the service sometimes slower for bigger groups. 
 wait staff will take the time to patiently explain the beer selection to my hard of hearing husband. 
 The garlic parmesan fried chicken was too greasy and I think the quality was not worth the price. 
 Pretty small portion for its given price. 
Salad cons: small for price. 
 Cutting down portion sizes while charging the same high price is what runs customers off. 
 the pizza prices are kind of pricey -- it's probably because it's near CSUF. 
 it cost $4 an hour during the week BUT OGGI'S VALIDATES parking so don't worry. 
 is only free for a half hour normally and then skyrockets in price to a ridiculous rate of $4 for 31 minutes to the first hour. 
Prices are high for the quality. 
  The wings were a very good size for the price. 
 service and prices need to be improved. 
 Is this a way for them to justify the price? We ordered a 14" of the Oggi's special and man was there a lot of crust. 
 Costco. 
 fairly priced. 
 and the beer is priced decently. 
 The bartender even acknowledged that it was pricey and that she should validate my ticket "just in case" - which I thought was good service. 
 Totally not worth the cost and the good was not good. 
  Price was very reasonable given there was six of us. 
 Totally not worth the cost and the good was not good. 
  Price was very reasonable given there was six of us. 
 Prices were reasonable. 
Costco's pizza is better. 
 those 6 wings cost about $15. 
