Place is clean and updated. 
My personal favorite place to eat when on-campus, mostly because it takes almost no time for you to get your food.
I placed an online order at 12:45pm and was told my order would be ready at 1:00pm. 
The place gets very busy and under staffed so it's not kept clean. 
  Not a well run place. 
 this place went out of their way to make me absolutely miserable. 
This place should be avoided at all costs. 
  Reappears after 10 minutes and tells the hardest worker in the place Maria to go clean the dining area. 
  Why can't all places take this same approach to customer service?
 Today is Sunday and this place is ridiculously packed . 
 give this place a try. 
  All in all it was a successful trip to a chain fast food place. 
  I always get a sample of the walnut shrimp =) They are not stingy with the servings and the place is kept clean. 
 unless you offer me a fresh serving of Beiing Beef - what I wanted in the first place. 
Panda is very good asian fast food. 
 Paying a lot of money for a minimum amount of food. 
 delicious food from Panda Express. 
It is a Chinese fast food resturant quick service. 
I generally don’t rate “fast food” restaurants . 
 there is an open and welcoming dining area) you have an immediate view of the full array of food choices and the food prep going. 
I've been to this panda a few times and the food is pretty good. 
 The food never disappoints when you are looking for greasy Chinese Food. 
Food was what you expect Panda to be. 
 and go to the food court there and they have something real similar. 
 as the name implies is basically ready made Chinese food. 
 and the food is made continually so as it gets low new food comes out piping hot. 
I always go to Panda Express for a chinese fastfood. 
 Food is similar to chinese restaurant. 
The food was fine. 
Fast service, food was good, and the restaurant was fairly clean.
Wait took 15 minutes, portion sizes are a joke for 7-10$ a plate minus a drink. Don't waste your time go to the location off of Orangethorpe, at least you'll get full.
My personal favorite place to eat when on-campus, mostly because it takes almost no time for you to get your food.
 when I arrived I did not get my food until 1:16pm all while people who were walk ins waited in line. 
 got their food and left all the time I was there waiting for my food because it wasn't ready. 
 my food order was incorrect & missing items. 
I love Panda Express for their food . 
So on to the food. 
 The food didn't leave me wanting more or thinking what I want on my next visit. 
 ran out of food. 
  Unfortunately no other half decent Chinese fast food around the area. 
 it tasted pretty bad. 
 I decided to be nice since the food was delicious and fresh and give you 2 stars. 
Then the line to order food is horrifically long. 
  They have only 2 people working behind the counter during dinner rush hour. 
 and can't restock food items fast enough. 
 15 minutes to order my food. 
  My chow mein noodles were burnt and tasted smoky gross. 
  And my egg roll tastes like a hot dog. 
TASTE:
 don't make up for lame food. 
It's now 24 minutes into the lunch rush and 5 customers have been waiting off to the side for their selections to be cooked. 
 never seen one so poorly staffed and run especially at lunch time. 
The food was awesome
 What I really liked is that when I went to pay the cashier attending me gave me a free drink because we decided to wait :) which was nice. 
  There were like 3 servers on the food line and the 1st lady (American gal) seems pretty nice and doesn't skimp. 
The 2nd staff  (old Chinese lady) who worked at the main section of the food line. 
 I left the store with a pretty bad taste. 
  All in all it was a successful trip to a chain fast food place. 
 Food? Whoever the cooks are. 
-great taste(consistent to other Panda Expresses)
  Food is always reliable and service is typically exceptional and right on point. 
  I just ask for half the amount of starch and its still more than enough food. 
 panda express food is the same . 
thats why if i want american i go to mcdonalds and if i want chinese fast food. 
  It tasted OK. 
  The tangy taste is sooooo good when fresh. 
 they were trying to sell what they had as to not waste food. 
  That's some stiff fast food competition for you my friends. 
It is a Chinese fast food resturant quick service. 
Fast service, food was good, and the restaurant was fairly clean.
Fast/Quality Service, even during rushes they greet you and ask if you'll like to try any samples.
 So eventually they took too long and I ask for my money back so finally the manager comes out off her lazy ass to ask wheres my receipt. 
 this location has very poor service. 
  The staff has already begun to shut down. 
 the staff does try to get your entree ready. 
The place gets very busy and under staffed so it's not kept clean. 
 The service was bad. 
  Had I been going on customer service only you would have gotten zero stars. 
 never seen one so poorly staffed and run especially at lunch time. 
I also did a kids meal which the manager frowned upon . 
  Why can't all places take this same approach to customer service?
 you get staffs that likes to skimp and give you barely enough of an entree. 
The 2nd staff  (old Chinese lady) who worked at the main section of the food line. 
Previously I asked the 1st staff if they are making a new fresh batch of mushrm. 
  After she volley me to the 2nd staff. 
If you want to gamble on service or don't mind being skimped on. 
Service was nice enough. 
 here? Friendly staff was a good start. 
 the speed of service could be improved. 
-GREAT friendly service
  Food is always reliable and service is typically exceptional and right on point. 
Biggest customer service fail ever. 
 wasn't able to give an accurate take of your customer service fail. 
 since their customer service is AMAZING. 
 and everything you ask for is at an additional cost. 
 the cost is lower. 
The price is abit high for the amount . 
 Not sure what she was doing or maybe she was just lost? Finally I pay for my overpriced meal and get to my car. 
 its tasty tasty for sure andthe prices and portions rock. 
This place should be avoided at all costs. 
  A 3 item for the price of a 2 item. 
