What a messy place. 
 Took food to go so didn't have to eat in this environment. 
Great environment to do work and food 
I will say though that this is a great place if you want to grab a coffee and just chill. Usually fairly quite. Good for chill morning meetings. 
Úsaaly these places are aceptable this location is dirty and has an awful putred smell that makes you want to throw up the bathrooms are filthy dining area  not attended plates on tables lack of obvious supervison and team effort to make this place the best it can be put your self in the place of the customer and you guys will find the answer
Place was fine but internet is slow as molasses.
Pretty chill spot, good food, can be a little pricey. Good place to sit and relax, quiet place to get work done .
I never really knew where Panera Bread fit into the scheme of things, but upon visiting one, I now know. The common thing that I saw here were students with textbooks and lounging senior citizens. I cannot say I am a fan of the place, but from the outside, it's certainly welcoming and clean. On the inside, there was plenty seating and friendly staff. Hot and iced coffee had free refills.
I like this place. Frendly and nice staff.
 It seems to be a popular place for the Fullerton college kids to hang out too. 
 We placed our order and sat down to wait for our food to come. 
 Even upon replacement. 
 No one wants to eat at a dirty place and while your pastries and food selections may be good. 
- I wasted my entire lunch at this place waiting on my order. 
 They couldn't get someone out to fix the internet in that time? A place like Panera? That's ridiculous. 
 I want a place that cares about making things right. 
 every time I go to this location in comparison to the Costa Mesa or Huntington Beach. 
     The place was disheveled and the staff were all college kids standing around talking in a group of 4 with their regular clothes on and one of them wearing their back pack. 
And I love to see the CSUF students filling up the place. 
 they were wondering where my physical order was placed. 
 which is a little high in my opinion when it's not really a sit down dinner kind of place. 
 this place isn't hit-or-miss at all for me for the past few months. 
Kind of regret putting quite a bit of money into this place now. 
 friendly employees at this place. 
 and I smile brightly at them as I place my order. 
 Most places will notice when the coffee is out and be able to fill it up fast. 
 That's when I know a place is lacking. 
 I think the bread at the Huntington Beach location just tastes better. 
 the place is teeming with college students. 
 I'm sure Plug Hunt was a clue to how crowded this place gets. 
 But I did partially choose Panera over other places because of wi-fi access. 
This place is right by my school. 
 and she kindly informed me that they have a nice fireplace in the middle of their dining area. 
 this place is pretty clean and speedy. 
 knowing how this place deceives people it could just be an optical illusion) which is nice. 
I understand the appeal this place has for some people. 
  Why is place always so crowded?  Free wifi?
Rude corporate lady: Where is (insert some place)?
 good place to study. 
  Using my laptop here was half the reason I chose to dine here in the first place. 
 this place looks like a Corner Bakery with similar offerings. 
Free wifi & a nice cafe interior makes this place an easy choice for chillen casually. 
 this is a good place to come. 
I enjoy this enviroment and it's near school so makes it all the better. 
The place is pretty good. 
 The place does feel a lot like Corner Bakery. 
Panera is a delicious place to get your study on. 
They also have a really nice fireplace that splits the two areas in the dining room. 
It's a great place to catch up with friends and Starbucks and Yogurtland are right across the street if you need something different. 
 which makes this place great for studying all day. 
 this is the perfect place because you can have breakfast. 
Panera bread is the perfect place to do lunch with a friend to just catch up or study up for a quiz while pigging out on some tasty delectable goods whether it be salty or sweet. 
 the girl who brought me my bagel just placed it in front of the coffee dispensers and said. 
I was surprised to see how packed this place gets. 
 Just a nice place to come and relax if you need to study. 
I highly recommend this place to study. 
 or a pastry to get you started in the morning it is a great place to eat for any occasion. 
 The atmosphere is probably a little quieter than most places which is perfect for catching up with someone and being able to talk without being overwhelmed by other sounds. 
The place is spacious and has lots of tables. 
 this place isn't exactly a formal eating environment. 
 this place is pretty hip looking. 
This is my first review of the place and I will say I enjoyed my self rather much. 
I can never figure out why the place is so busy at every hour of every day. 
  Why is the fireplace ALWAYS on in there?. 
This place is ALWAYS packed with people who are eating or studying. 
Also a great study place. 
 It's easily accessible to multiple schools and is a great place to do homework. 
This place has terrible customer service. 
 this place just did not tickle my tummy in all the right places and definitely didn't seduce my tastebuds. 
 Food is like all other locations and tasted fine. 
 Took food to go so didn't have to eat in this environment. 
 Food is always fresh and the workers are always willing to correct any problem you might encounter. 
The food is ok. 
 They say their soups are homemade yet it tastes like progresso or campbells. 
Not only is their food fresh and fast . 
My client got us tickets to see a Cal State Fullerton baseball game and brought us by for a pre-game bit to eat (stadium food was so-so). 
Great environment to do work and food 
People were so friendly food was good
Excellent service, beautiful people and great food and coffee ..
Not a huge fan of Panera. Food is a bit over priced for what you get. 
Pretty chill spot, good food, can be a little pricey. Good place to sit and relax, quiet place to get work done .
THIS FULLERTON LOCATION IS THE BEST!! BRIANNA IS SO DELIGHTFUL AND HELPFUL ALL THE STAFF AT THIS LOCATION ARE. THE FOOD IS AMAZING A SPECIAL TREAT ON A SUNDAY MORNING. I AM ABSOLUTELY ADDICTED TO THE BREAKFAST MENU.. THANKS PANERA FOR GETTING UP SO EARLY FOR US..... KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .SINCERELY,MARY BETH AND GARRETT
Good food and plenty of tables in case you're coming here to study.
Everything I've tried here has tasted a little "off" compared to other Paneras. The tomato soup wasn't even a safe choice here. I do not recommend this location!
I've previously only taken breakfast pastries or drinks to-go and this is my first time dining in at this location. 
 We placed our order and sat down to wait for our food to come. 
 Quite the regret upon the arrival of our food. 
 I am a little disappointed at the server because despite looking at our food as he brought it to us. 
 No one wants to eat at a dirty place and while your pastries and food selections may be good. 
 She also let me keep my outside food (which you are apparently not allowed??. 
- I ordered my food online. 
 as I was going here on my lunch break and wanted to go in and out as quickly as possible. 
- I wasted my entire lunch at this place waiting on my order. 
The food is what you would expect at any other location and the layout is very similar to many other Panera locations. 
 The food was what you would expect. 
  It tasted like they drenched the salad with vinegar. 
  It left an unpleasant aftertaste. 
Food- Decent
 If you order a drink. 
Breakfast recommendation: asiago bacon egg and cheese. 
     I would avoid this Panera location like the Plague because you'll get the Plague since they don't cook their food at the proper temperature. 
 I came here with my boyfriend for dinner. 
 When they brought us our food everything was in order. 
 No ice for drinks. 
The food is great. 
 food tasty. 
Then when we got our food I ordered the lentil quinoa broth bowl it was only 1. 
The food however. 
 good food. 
 And the breakfast sandwiches are good. 
Another time I wanted a while for a cashier to figure something out on the register and she gave me a free drink while I waited. 
 Customer service there is great and I haven't had any issues with my food at all. 
 it super soft and tastes really fresh. 
 The food also comes out pretty quickly which is always a plus. 
 Just a salad with a cup of soup and a small drink was just over $15 bucks. 
 which is a little high in my opinion when it's not really a sit down dinner kind of place. 
 you don't have a server and you get your own drinks. 
 It was very clear that they used some sort of powder to mix this drink together. 
 There was this weird chemical-like taste from the powder as well. 
 It used to taste great when I first started getting them from Panera. 
 They would taste rather old as well - the croissant. 
 and it was like drinking syrup. 
 It tasted good. 
 I was still hoping for the green tea taste as well. 
 Their food and drinks are awful. 
 I eat dinner about five hours later. 
  The food remains pretty much the same. 
 Well my food came out before I even was able to get my drink. 
 It took so long that my food came out and the server was trying to find me. 
My friend waited about 20 minutes for her food and I waited with her to be polite. 
 food comes out and it's Corn Chowder. 
Friday: I go somewhere else because the line during the lunch rush isn't worth having to wait for them to fix my order. 
 I prefer their bread loaves over their actual food. 
 When I picked up the food today. 
I picked up my food today at 12:30pm. 
Best thing about this location (other than the usual rah-rah I would add about Panera's food. 
drink) is it's huge and the staff don't bother you if you're there for hours working on a project. 
I have no idea about their food or products they sell. 
 make sure you get the rewards cards to collect points and get yourself a free pastry or drink. 
or a quick and kind-of-cheap lunch. 
The food is great. 
We ordered a refillable soft drink and a muffin to share. 
Came during lunch and ordered for my brother and mom. 
Ultimately the food here isn't quality and their panini's aren't even crunchy. 
Since this website is all about the review of FOOD. 
 I also had some food. 
 I think the bread at the Huntington Beach location just tastes better. 
The food was decent. 
 if you're there for the sole purpose of eating or drinking. 
I love that I am suggested to try new things and that employees are incredibly knowledge about their food. 
Mac and Cheese is uncomfortable comfort food. 
 Drinkable. 
 Almost tasted like there was soy in there. 
I knew exactly what I wanted and I knew it would taste ok. 
I found both the quality of the food and the service to be inconsistant here. 
 I ended up paying about $22 for lunch for me and my brother. 
  But if you really want quality food and don't mind too much about costs. 
 unfortunately if you go during lunchtime or dinnertime. 
 shouldn't it be great?  Soup tasted like from a can. 
 i was looking at the cranberry orange smoothie that was hanging from the ceiling and the cashier said my freebie today was a free drink. 
 Because I don't like the taste of yogurt too much. 
 pretty pricey for the taste and quality. 
I would want to recommend the spinach souffle for breakfast. 
 not too much for a breakfast. 
The food is good. 
 not 21 dollars for a two lunches good. 
I was intrigued by some of their breakfast sandwich offerings (egg sandwiches and the like) . 
 which is when they stop serving breakfast. 
-The drink area is messy
 drink. 
 and cookie was over $15 during lunch. 
 The food is way over priced. 
Got my food delivered to the table and they gave me a bag of chips instead of the apple. 
BOTTOM LINE: Dropping almost $10 for lunch (especially when it's a half salad. 
 although tasty was not impressive than a heart alertos breakfast burrito. 
  They offer a lot of teas and drink choices. 
 almost and equal arsenal to the food menu. 
They have decent food. 
  If you need food. 
 My first college lunch date awhile back. 
 I had to go to the counter since 15 minutes passed and my food wasn't there. 
 there are also people on business lunches so I didn't feel like I was in a completely casual zone. 
best I've ever tasted. 
Whether you want to grab a quick lunch or study all day long. 
 this is the perfect place because you can have breakfast. 
 lunch. 
 and dinner and never have to leave your study spot. 
 But I came here for breakfast yesterday morning with my friend and was totally let down. 
I ordered the Breakfast Power sandwich. 
 I dont think the food here is THAT great. 
 and drinks filled up my nose and made my mouth water. 
As i made my way up to the register i didn't know what to get as they had so many wonderful selections and the friendly worker suggested their lunch combo. 
Panera bread is the perfect place to do lunch with a friend to just catch up or study up for a quiz while pigging out on some tasty delectable goods whether it be salty or sweet. 
The food always taste fresh and good. 
I would've gave them 4 stars for the fresh food and good soup . 
Thanks Panera for fresh food and delicious soup . 
 went for breakfast today. 
 The green tea is syrupy and doesn't taste like tea. 
I also like that it's a casual sit-down restaurant: more classy than a  fast-food joint . 
We love coming here because we can come when we are sweaty and gross right after the gym or come in for a quick cheap lunch or dinner. 
 I will come to have lunch with friends and chit chat. 
 From the interior design to the food served to all the little perks. 
 Gotta drink it while it's hot. 
 Lunchtime brings in all the local students and parking can be a pain. 
 If you are into healthy food this is the spot. 
 lunch with friends. 
 The food is very good and healthy enough to not feel guilty. 
 For breakfast they offer bagels. 
 and breakfast sandwiches. 
 For lunch and dinner they have an assortment of both hot and cold salads. 
 The sun-dried tomato ale with mustard gives a very unique taste which compliments the bacon and smokehouse turkey perfectly. 
 You order your food at the counter. 
 they bring your food and so far I have not had any problems. 
  I'm just hating because I was thinking about having a healthier lunch. 
 It had a taste of yogurt in it which was pretty good and tasted healthy. 
  They seem to focus on having fresh organic foods that are light and health conscious. 
  But the food seems to be pretty good. 
A little pricier for a simple breakfast or lunch. 
 the food quality and great service is well worth the extra $$. 
 Ordered the Smokehouse Turkey  Panini as well and you can really taste the quality. 
 I think the bacon was smoked with applewood because you could taste the sweetness. 
 On top of the good food the girl at the cashier was really cool. 
  The food is mediocre. 
 the food and service are bleh. 
 Their cookies taste like junior high. 
 she delivers your food. 
  We were still hungry after we finished our "snacks" so we ended up getting more food somewhere else. 
  The quality of the food was good as usual. 
The breakfast that I get includes a plain bagel with cream cheese. 
 They seem to be doing a better job at keeping plain bagels on hand as when I stopped by for breakfast last Saturday around 10 they still had some. 
It's not quite clear when they change over from breakfast menus to lunch and then to dinner. 
I had the three cheese crispani for dinner one night. 
 it tasted alright. 
 this place just did not tickle my tummy in all the right places and definitely didn't seduce my tastebuds. 
 if youre looking for taste and quality. 
 Service is always good. 
 Very friendly staff. 
Great Panera Location, and one of the top 3 that I have been to overall. My favorite meal here by far is a "White Cheddar Steak Panini", and as an honorable mention "Thai Chicken Ceasar Salad". Give them a try next time you're in. I've never waited to be served longer then 5 minutes here and the whole staff has always been friendly. Internet is kind of slow though, but that's me just nitpicking :)
Excellent service, beautiful people and great food and coffee ..
THIS FULLERTON LOCATION IS THE BEST!! BRIANNA IS SO DELIGHTFUL AND HELPFUL ALL THE STAFF AT THIS LOCATION ARE. THE FOOD IS AMAZING A SPECIAL TREAT ON A SUNDAY MORNING. I AM ABSOLUTELY ADDICTED TO THE BREAKFAST MENU.. THANKS PANERA FOR GETTING UP SO EARLY FOR US..... KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .SINCERELY,MARY BETH AND GARRETT
I never really knew where Panera Bread fit into the scheme of things, but upon visiting one, I now know. The common thing that I saw here were students with textbooks and lounging senior citizens. I cannot say I am a fan of the place, but from the outside, it's certainly welcoming and clean. On the inside, there was plenty seating and friendly staff. Hot and iced coffee had free refills.
The wild rice soup is awesome.  The classic grilled cheese is awesome.  My family and I have only been coming here for  from January - July 2013, but I can say it has been great each time we go.  We sometimes enjoy the comfortable chairs and umbrellas on the patio, but usually go through the drivethru.  Never experienced anything less that good customer service.  
Love this panera. The staff is always friendly and they work very fast. 
I like this place. Frendly and nice staff.
Soups always super hot. Good service.
The staff here is super nice. 
SERVICE
Service during my visit is probably the only thing that is saving this review. 
 was the manager and so understanding of all my issues. 
 and the staff is friendly so there's no real reason not to come unless you just don't like Panera. 
Service- Average
 I want service. 
Customer Service: 5. 
 I thought this location was quite lacking in service. 
The service was not terrible. 
 the managers need to be friendlier at the registers (you can spot them in black. 
 They're even worse at customer service than their associates. 
     The place was disheveled and the staff were all college kids standing around talking in a group of 4 with their regular clothes on and one of them wearing their back pack. 
Service here is usually great and friendly. 
 service is good. 
   What confirmed the genuineness for me was Chris (manager? If not. 
 with subpar service (at least this location). 
 3 staff members busy handing inventory sprang to their registers the moment 3 customers approached the counter. 
The service was not terrible. 
 Customer service there is great and I haven't had any issues with my food at all. 
 having gone this far with their services. 
 is the staff. 
*There were plenty of staff standing around texting or chit chatting 
Corporate needs to hire a seasoned Manager older than 35 to manage this site. 
 The chirpy Manager seemed more concerned with being everyone's friend and being positive than adhering to the healthcode standards or cleanliness or managing staff. 
Service remains hit or miss. 
  This is the service that I get most of the time. 
 the deities smile upon me and make the experience a pleasant one by providing a cashier who actually does give a fack about her impact on the customer service issue. 
 Anthony (the manager) didn't even give me a choice between bread or chips. 
 The manager was a little hasty. 
 minus 1 more for the manager's sauciness. 
I'm writing a review today based on service here. 
That's awesome excellent service. 
drink) is it's huge and the staff don't bother you if you're there for hours working on a project. 
 the service is fairly prompt. 
Service is minimum wage quality. 
The cashiers could use some courses in hospitality though. 
I found both the quality of the food and the service to be inconsistant here. 
Sometimes the staff is great. 
 I'm pretty sure your rude behavior is in no way motivating to the staff. 
 the service has always been superb. 
great staff. 
The staff are good. 
They have decent service. 
 and spoke with the general manager. 
Staff is helpful. 
 The manager said that there is a fresh urn brewing . 
Also the service is AWFUL. 
 The managers with the exception of Mike all have terrible manners and talk about personal matters in front of customers. 
 she asked the manager where she could find it and the manager said. 
 Too bad poor customer service was noticeable in the five minutes I was there. 
  Service used to be good . 
 now it seems staff got their training cut short. 
 I recently went to Panera for brunch take-out and had the worst service ever from the cashier. 
 One thing I can't complain about is the manager. 
Staff is attentive and friendly. 
 The service is usually excellent. 
 The staff is courteous and friendly. 
 the service is great. 
The service is always great. 
  The service is always really great. 
The service here was okay. 
 the food quality and great service is well worth the extra $$. 
 and the service is painfully slow and crazy. 
 the food and service are bleh. 
 They're staff are crazy nice and fast and efficient even though they are always busy. 
This place has terrible customer service. 
 The quality is so much better and the cost is about the same. 
Not a huge fan of Panera. Food is a bit over priced for what you get. 
Pretty chill spot, good food, can be a little pricey. Good place to sit and relax, quiet place to get work done .
Price- Alright
Price: 3. 
 every time I go to this location in comparison to the Costa Mesa or Huntington Beach. 
  I live in costa mesa and I guess I've gotten used to ppl being somewhere btwn indifferent and mildly rude. 
Prices are reasonable. 
 sometimes unreasonably expensive. 
Panera is a little on the expensive side though. 
 I end up getting my hot chocolate from Starbucks now for a slightly more pricey cost. 
 it might be a little bit on the overpriced side. 
 everything seemed pricey compared to other restaurants nearby. 
 how expensive is it to add some more lettuce into a box that fits in the palm of my hand? My panini had grill marks on it. 
 their portions don't level with their prices. 
  It is a good price for all the bread you get. 
  Just getting a salad does not fill me up enough for the price or amount of calories it comes with. 
 It ain't a Costco muffin. 
I only took off one star because it's a little expensive. 
  But if you really want quality food and don't mind too much about costs. 
 pretty pricey for the taste and quality. 
 The price of each bagel is a bit higher than a regular bagel. 
 If you care about the price. 
I think it's worth of the price. 
 The food is way over priced. 
 the problem is the price. 
 A sandwich is about $2 too expensive for the size that you get and the coffees are 7-Eleven quality at Starbucks prices. 
 Can get a tad pricey (. 
 reasonably priced and light. 
