 always friendly and the kind of place that remembers your order from your previous visit. 
I ate in this place and the experience was really good. 
The place is located in a small shopping center so it has free parking. 
Great place to get PHO. 
 If your looking for a place with fresh ingredients. 
The pho is amazing... N1 pho combo! The tender is the best I've had. They have wine here!.. a gem in the wall i love this place. 
Overall expeirence there was ok. They have a very nice atmosphere and their service is very good. However I had the spring roll as an appetizer with noodle soup with rare beef, brisket and tendon. Compared to other places the soup was good however they give you very little tendon. The spring rolls had a very powerful taste and the sauce they had with it was not very tasty either. Above all else it was expensive for what you got compared to others. So for overall I would say that the service was really great and they had such a beautiful atmosphere however they do need improving on quality of food and the price 
Great place! This restaurant is really beautiful and calm inside. The staff is friendly and cheerful. The food is really fresh and yummy!
For appertizer, I ordered a dish of spring rolls.  It was very fresh and tasty!  For main dish, I had pho number 1 large bowl.  The soup was so good that I drank it all!  Unlike other pho places, the meat here is all fillet mignon and fresh. The Thai tea was excellent too.  The total price was reasonable.  I was filled up and totally satisfied.
  It's next to a Thai place at the corner. 
 Most places give 5 to 6 slices in a bowl. 
If you're in the area for lunch and looking for some pho I would recommend this place. 
 The soup is served hot unlike other pho places I've been to. 
Plenty of other places to go in the area. 
 My boyfriend and I love this since ordering a side of egg rolls or spring rolls is usually around $4 most places. 
 It's not super salty like most places. 
 Pho Olivia is the place to go. 
  It is a good place to take friends and family. 
 this place can easily be a replacement for the Brea. 
 this is your go-to place. 
 even though I insisted I just didn't want it and didn't want it replaced since I lost my appetite. 
 especially considering my girlfriend loves Pho and theres not many good places around here for Pho. 
 I will definitely not be coming back to this place. 
 the place is small. 
 easy place to visit on a casual evening. 
 this pho place is a little more pricier than most places. 
Their pho tai chin is my usual at this place and all pho places. 
 Since there are so many other pho places in the area idk if I will be going back. 
 and this place was perfect. 
I always felt that this place is overpriced . 
the reason why I am giving 2 stars and never going back to this place again is they charged plates for onions I requested. 
 price is already expensive than other places and now they starting to charge onions. 
  (normally other places won't charge onions and their pho usually runs 6~7 dollars. 
This place average food price is $9~$10. 
My bf ordered the BBQ pork rice under my recommendation cause no place that claims to be vietnamese can mess up that grilled pork with the tasty fish sauce drizzle. 
Pho Olivia's ratings on yelp is better than pretty much all the other places so they're doing something right. 
The place was a little warm when we walked in . 
Anyway this place did an amazing job to cure my hangover and also created a great eating experience with quality food. 
I wish this place was closer to me since I live in irvine. 
 I rarely ever find myself hungover near Fullerton so I have not had my chance to trek back to this place. 
But I am definitely planning on dragging some friends with me so I can experience this place for the 2nd time. 
 I am making my trip out to this place whenever I get a chance :) So I just added another star to make it 5 starssss. 
 SO if youre gonna check this place out. 
 Some of the surrounding restaurants in Fullerton can be so depressing lol. 
 I'm usually exceptionally thirsty after I eat any pho place. 
Give this place a try. 
 When I brought up the multiple issues surrounding our experience all she could offer were apologies. 
 and the explanation of people wanting a relaxing environment and enjoy dinner. 
 Do not go to this place if you are expecting a fast (normal) served pho restaurant because that is not what you will receive. 
 You receive a friendlier environment at any other food restaurant. 
The place looks very nice and the people that work here are very polite and offer a great service. 
 there is one thing that make me rate this nice place with one star and it's the flavor of the pho it's just works than an instant Maruchan soup. 
 For the price I paid here I could go to Pho 45 at Garden Grove (excellent place) and eat twice and with a real pho taste. 
Guys you got a nice place here just find better cooks. 
Atmosphere was odd for a pho place. 
 very Americanized place that serves decent Pho . 
My one gripe about this place though is the fact that they play Adele - over and over and over and over again. 
 I always feel I pay too much and get too little food at this place and their sister restaurant. 
The place is very nicely decorated and the servers are nice and friendly. 
The waiter placed the water on the table and I immediately took a large gulp--and the water was super salty. 
 This place is about 10 mins from our spot so we are glad that we can go here than heading to our other fave spot. 
 For a place that has Pho in their name. 
 Meat was slightly thicker than other pho places I've been to. 
 It was missing a certain flavor that other pho places had. 
It's an average pho place. 
 as I thought the large which costs more than other places wasn't that big and I wasn't fully satisfied. 
No wonder why this place is always empty with only a few customers at a time. 
 though my boyfriend was really excited about the fact that they had a few more kinds of pho than most places. 
  Most other places. 
 I should only rate this place for the food. 
The price was almost $1 more than many places in Little Saigon. 
 I will pass this place next time when I am in the area. 
 The place is clean. 
 I've had pho enough times to know that this place was overpriced and underflavored. 
 I've never seen a pho place charge that much. 
 I don't think very many places serve that special dish. 
 Fullerton's got a awesome Pho place in the area. 
 Perfect place to go when you had a night of partying. 
 probably the best place for Pho in Fullerton. 
I'm gonna take you to a place where I know you're gonna like
And she pulls up to this place that's Vietnamese. 
We enter this place. 
 I don't think you'll find a place around here that will give you better quality for such a reasonable price. 
 love this place. 
I ordered a small pho with rare beef and it was absolutely delicious :) This place certainly satisfied my craving. 
 I'll for sure be coming back to this place next time I crave pho while at school. 
 At first glance the bowl is rather small comparatively to other pho places especially for a large" . 
Its not bad for being one of the only Pho places in Fullerton BUT I think I might just wait till I'm back down in Garden Grove for some real Pho :)
My friends & I frequent this place a lot for it's good food and friendly. 
This place is like a magic door that takes you from the ghetto plaza that it's in (. 
 besides being a pleasant environment to dine in. 
  So if you guys can recommend a good "dirty" Pho place. 
the place was neat and clean too. 
  i've been to my share of pho places where the environment made me question whether i should be eating there. 
  It's not like the place was empty. 
" because the only person working in the place at that time had his headphones on. 
 and this place is just very average. 
   I always have the pho soup whenever I go to Vietnamese places. 
 so guess what I had at this place?. 
 even large was much smaller than other pho places (It's a good thing I ordered large. 
never had to do that at any pho places before. 
  What is up with this place??
  With all these pho places in the area. 
 I will definitely NOT go back to this place even for free. 
 I do not trust this place anymore. 
 I'm just going to have to find another place to go to now. 
Love love love this place. 
Of note compared to other places around here. 
  Expect to pay 1-2$ more than the other pho places in Fullerton which means like 4-5$ more than in Westminister. 
 be prepared to pay a little more than the other places. 
I would recommend this place for their rice plates. 
Wasn't expecting much from service since Pho places aren't known for greeeeat service you know? . 
Won't be coming back here or ever recommending this place everrrr again. 
  It doesn't taste overly salty like other places. 
 their prices are higher than other Pho places. 
 I can recommend this place for a fine dining experience. 
This place is really good. 
 and got a look around the place. 
Overall I really like this place so far. 
 The place was pretty busy and there was basically only about two people serving the entire restaurant while I'm sure the rest of the crew were in the kitchen making all the orders. 
 There was even one occasion where one customer was nagging one of the employees about her order despite the fact that the place was pretty busy. 
 that's because normally when I go out for food I go to where my friends are which is other parts of Fullerton and the surrounding cities. 
 and other pho places). 
 Most of the vietnamese places I've been to is the 6 dollar range. 
Service like all Pho places was fast. 
  Will probably opt for a dirtier place for better food next time. 
) very different from the "average" pho place with yellow lights and plastic cups. 
10 Only a dollar more expensive than most pho places (my large pho tai chin was only about $7. 
49) which makes this place seem so cheap when you take into account everything else. 
 And their large is indeed a large same size as most pho places. 
 I felt compelled because this place is so good. 
 moved to Long Beach and tried another place once (which didn't even compare) in the 4 months I was there. 
 I have friends who have said repeatedly how much they love this place. 
 come to visit and of all the yummy places to eat. 
 Bottom line (if you didn't get it from my previous paragraphs) THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. 
 An all around great place to have a meal. 
I'm open to suggestions of "better" places. 
 pho places don't normally look this nice. 
 figure to try this place because it was so close. 
 a thirty minute drive to this place for a delicious bowl of pho once or twice a week is truly worth the drive. 
 I did enjoy this place. 
 This place took about 45 minutes and there was no one else besides my friend and I at this point. 
 it's a good local place with good food and the restaurant was clean. 
 I compare this to other pho places I've been. 
 and the decor of the place was really nice. 
The place was clean and modern - Very unassuming from the outside. 
 There are plenty of 50% off Pho places that have the same broth that I can get so NO I'm sorry this was utter fail. 
 until I get confirmation I'll stick to making it at home or going to a 50% off place if I'm in a pinch. 
 most places still use beef broth even if you order it "vegetarian"). 
 I love this place & will definitely keep coming back. 
 I sure do love a place with good service. 
 This is my new Pho place and I will be going frequently. 
I expected more from a Pho place. 
 this is the worst Vietnamese place I have ever been. 
 (I am viet and I been to many places ) But this eh. 
 my experienced friends even agree its one of the best Pho places around. 
and this place is REALLY GOOD. 
It's definitely comparable to a lot of pho places out in Westminster. 
  Most of the pho places I've been to seem to have thin. 
The pho here was about $1 more than many of the places I've been. 
 I'd pay the extra buck just for the sheer ambiance of this place. 
 You're noodles are placed in a bowl. 
 And it's the cutest cleanest pho place i've ever been. 
 Everything was $1-3 more than pho places in Garden Grove. 
 or even at other pho places that popped up around here recently (Pho Ellie. 
 Spring rolls tasted fresh. 
 great food. 
We stopped in for take-away the other night as I didn't want a lot for dinner. 
 especially during the lunch special hours. 
Suttle side spot with  lots  of smile  and soft music, food is great!!!!
Tried pho before at the brea mall, of course it it didn't taste that great because you know it's the mall. came here alone about a week ago or two and fell in love. Brought some friends and soon take my parents out here to eat. Absolutely love the pho here
Good food.
The menu is too small, but the quality is great in food and service.
It's OK. We go here cause it's convenient and ok. To go service is a little iffy. Always seem to get something wrong. Pho is solid but apps are bland. Not the best not the worst. Slightly expensive for the taste
Overall expeirence there was ok. They have a very nice atmosphere and their service is very good. However I had the spring roll as an appetizer with noodle soup with rare beef, brisket and tendon. Compared to other places the soup was good however they give you very little tendon. The spring rolls had a very powerful taste and the sauce they had with it was not very tasty either. Above all else it was expensive for what you got compared to others. So for overall I would say that the service was really great and they had such a beautiful atmosphere however they do need improving on quality of food and the price 
Great place! This restaurant is really beautiful and calm inside. The staff is friendly and cheerful. The food is really fresh and yummy!
 It was too much food. 
 But the price is compensated by their cleanliness in their decor and food. 
 I found their lunch special to not only be tasty . 
  All lunch specials come with an egg roll and a small portion of fried rice. 
If you're in the area for lunch and looking for some pho I would recommend this place. 
Food: I loved the taste of the flavorful broth & tender brisket. 
 definitely would recommend this joint if you're craving Vietnamese food in Fullerton. 
The dining room is clean and the lights are dim and inviting for you to stay awhile and enjoy the food. 
now to my food. 
 overall the food is great. 
The food is okay. 
 I come during the lunch special when they give you the extra eggroll & friend rice along with your pho. 
 They just take your order & give you your food . 
 bf ordered the seafood pho. 
 The sauce didn't really taste like the peanut sauce I was used to. 
Had some of the boyfriend's seafood pho. 
 and the broth tasted a lot better. 
 seafood was the frozen. 
They have an awesome combo deal for lunch and dinner where you can get your choice of pho with an egg roll and fried rice for about $1 more depending on which one you choose. 
 Food - Just your average Vietnamese BBQ pork
  I went with friends before the lunch rush (approximately 11:30am). 
Menu: There is a special lunch menu that has 3 items (ranging from pho and appetizer or vermicelli and appeteizer for around $10). 
 and everything else tasted bland. 
The noodles were great - I liked the texture and taste. 
 But the broth lacked flavor and tasted weak. 
 I recommend coming here for their lunch specials. 
 Even though service was friendly and they bring the food out to you in a timely manner. 
 the lack of taste was bothersome. 
 I couldn't even drink water without it coming back out until around 6-7 PM the next day. 
 Below average food (besides the Pho). 
 The seafood omelette is ok . 
My food came fairly quickly. 
 The food was delicious. 
A+ food. 
I had the seafood pho which hit the spot. 
 foods taste good. 
We will drive littler further to get cheaper and about the same quality food. 
This place average food price is $9~$10. 
My bf ordered the BBQ pork rice under my recommendation cause no place that claims to be vietnamese can mess up that grilled pork with the tasty fish sauce drizzle. 
 appearance and taste wise. 
Food 4. 
spices or water down the fish sauce. 
 all the food is missing some kind of flavor maybe to cater to a certain palate. 
 All in all a great hole in the wall for authentic vietnamese food. 
The only minor detail that may have distorted my taste buds then was that I was pretty hungover. 
Anyway this place did an amazing job to cure my hangover and also created a great eating experience with quality food. 
 She said it tasted okay. 
 On to the food. 
 It's probably just a personal reaction I have to something in the food and not their fault. 
You can tell you are eating fresh food and not pre-package from the local vendor. 
 and my friend ordered a fish curry rice dish that was delicious. 
They just didn't have some other Vietnamese food items and beverages. 
 they did not stray from the real taste of traditional dishes. 
 I had to raise my hand and wave it side to side in order to be noticed so that our food can be brought out. 
 and the explanation of people wanting a relaxing environment and enjoy dinner. 
 *enjoy what dinner? It hasn't even been brought out. 
In conclusion this establishment has horrible service for mediocre food. 
 You receive a friendlier environment at any other food restaurant. 
 For the price I paid here I could go to Pho 45 at Garden Grove (excellent place) and eat twice and with a real pho taste. 
 Who knows what she would do to my food. 
My side of veggies tasted old and cost $2. 
 It tasted like eggs and white rice. 
 both tasted like something was missing. 
 fish sauce was very light as well. 
 the food wasn't good. 
 Nothing special about the food here and the small bowl of Pho is tiny compared to the small or regular sized bowls at other nearby Pho houses. 
 I always feel I pay too much and get too little food at this place and their sister restaurant. 
 Lunch here the other day will also be my last. 
While their food is not BLOW ME AWAY DELICIOUS. 
 and the people here are very attentive and the food is WELL PRICED. 
Really affordable yummy food. 
 I couldn't get the taste out of my mouth for the whole meal--it was a very strong salty taste--. 
 I took a tentative sip of the new glass of water he brought me and it tasted like soap. 
When the food came out. 
 The food speaks for itself. 
 this restaurant has probably a similar taste to that. 
 and they have lunch specials for less than 10 dollars which includes small pho. 
 It tasted watered down as if they just filled the pot with water when it was running low. 
 Didn't taste the spices or that hint of pork bones. 
 I think we got a steal for all the food we got. 
Food: mediocre
Food. 
I like to eat my pho plain and simple--to really taste all the flavors. 
 Taste-wise. 
 In this gap was all sorts of nasty food and trash particles that probably hasn't been cleaned out in god knows how long. 
Didn't wait long for the food and the food was so flavorful. 
The spring special for dinner is perfect . 
 well with some fish. 
 I should only rate this place for the food. 
  I'd give a hole in the wall a 5 star if the food was fantastic. 
 2 drinks = $22. 
 Food. 
 The carrot slices kind of tasted like soap. 
 Charged full price for food we barely ate for something they had control over. 
 the quality of food was not up to a standard. 
 and food came out reasonably quickly. 
 that's enough food. 
 Will return for their lunch special (M-F $5. 
The food itself was really good. 
 The only thing I put in my Pho is a little bit of lime juice after I taste the broth. 
I know that she hates to eat Vietnamese food
But tonight my taste buds she wants to please
That put the taste buds in my mouth ill at ease
the food's good . 
 taste was fine. 
  Overall the food was very good and service was friendly and prompt. 
 and comfy booths and they have extremely eclectic taste in music. 
Foodwise. 
 I am extremely sensitive to food containing MSG - I get a headache. 
stomach ache immediately after consumption- so I am amble to confidently say that Pho Olivia does not use any MSG in their food because I have not felt these symptoms any time that i've dined here. 
healthy food. 
 Just as the food. 
 the beef didn't taste to fresh. 
 I had the spring rolls without mint (the only thing I don't eat) and it tasted bland. 
 It tasted like coconut meat. 
My friends & I frequent this place a lot for it's good food and friendly. 
 this is also the only Vietnamese restaurant i go to where I have ordered food other than Pho. 
NO MSG = missing pho sweetness = not quite authentic taste
 the food is excellent. 
Seafood - Yes. 
  Wham bam thank you ma'am I had my food--all with that lovely smile. 
Food
  I will pay higher prices for great tasting food. 
 and once you order seafood. 
 Hopefully I just came in on a bad day and that normally food taste awesome here. 
 I've tasted the croque monsieur and chicken curry skewers. 
FOOD AND VALUE
  That was some of the most tender chicken I've ever had from an asian food grill. 
FOOD: 2 star
 the broth was so clear that it literally felt like I was drinking hot watered down soup that had no richness to it. 
Definitely regretted getting this cause not only was the spring roll's rice paper kinda hard and super chewy on my end (it's suppose to be soft when fresh) and the fillings inside where so sparse that you literally just taste the noodles and pieces of mint. 
 It was taste-less and unappetizing. 
 all they pretty much did was just take your order and drop off your food at your table. 
 and tasted even better. 
 and the taste of the coconut milk in the egg was not at all overpowering. 
 The chargrilled taste of the pork was an A+. 
 The shrimp released taste with every chew. 
The owner was clearly delighted to see us enjoy her food and takes well earned pride in it. 
  It doesn't taste overly salty like other places. 
  All the food is very fresh and so far everything we've ordered has been equally as good. 
 we were very happy with our dinner. 
 and we're both originally from the San Gabriel area which is like the mecca of all Asian related foods so I've had plenty of pho. 
 The broth didn't taste too sweet or anything. 
 Food is great and service is great. 
 lunch was dissatisfying for me that day. 
 it did become pretty watered down to the point where I could barely taste the flavor of the Thai Tea. 
 The serving size was quite generous and the food itself came to me quickly. 
 The presentation of the food itself was nice. 
 the servers still helped us and served us with a smile and were even able to refill my drinks almost instantly. 
 their food was also excellent. 
  This restaurant is a very cozy and romantic setting if you want to go out for lunch or a date. 
 tastes best) and it's usually the perfect size. 
 Within a handful minutes of sitting down they took my order and my food was at the table. 
 that's because normally when I go out for food I go to where my friends are which is other parts of Fullerton and the surrounding cities. 
 casual with a very mild formal taste. 
 Never tasted broth like it before. 
Taste:  Fair. 
  Will probably opt for a dirtier place for better food next time. 
 My sister then asks for just the milktea that is the basic tea you drink boba with. 
 We get our food. 
And the best part? The whole time we were eating our food. 
 all the servers basically disappeared into the kitchen or back room somewhere after we got our food. 
 I honestly could not get over how great my pho tasted that day. 
 I took another two bites after that because I could not get over how good the rice tasted. 
 my pho did not taste as great as the first time. 
 The broth had tasted a little different and not as rich. 
Food: 10. 
 Food arrived within minutes of orders (literally the fastest sit down service I've ever had). 
 they wanted to have dinner here. 
 The food is amazing. 
I wasn't sure what to get so I just ordered the same as my friend (veggie and tofu pho and young coconut water [?] to drink). 
 everything tasted good. 
 the produce appeared and tasted fresh. 
This food establishment is located in a dingy dirty strip mall. 
 for the amount of food you get the price is worth it. 
They have a cheesy singer with a guitar on Friday nights which kinda ruined my dinner. 
food was still good though. 
My food was served rather on the cool side. 
 or lemon before scooping up a spoonful of the broth to taste. 
 not too much star anise taste or smell. 
  The food is just what I expect to get and tasty. 
Highly recommend anyone who wants to eat good vietnamese food to come here. 
- Was excited to drink the thai ice tea . 
 The tea itself tasted extremely watered down and the boba was all crumbled up and weird at the bottom. 
 Told them in the nicest way possible with a smile that it tasted watered down thinking maybe they just messed up on this one drink. 
 The waiter just poured more of the same bland drink in after removing some of the ice. 
I love the lunch specials. 
  The broth tasted clean. 
 it's a good local place with good food and the restaurant was clean. 
 they still tasted fine. 
Food was good. 
 chicken and seafood. 
 I know the taste when I try it. 
On to the food. 
 The broth tastes very clean and the quality of meat is excellent. 
Let's talk about the food now. 
 food. 
 even for our drinks (&& we were the only customers there . 
-) The food was ehh also. 
 I'm a soda drinker. 
 It tasted the SAME. 
 & I didn't even drink it. 
The food was excellent. 
 ask our opinion on the food. 
Food is always tasty and good. 
  Here you get good food and good service with an ambience of RELAX . 
 One waiter also had pretty good service and came to refill our drinks without being asked. 
 I looked for drinks such as my usual soda chanh muoi (pickled lemon soda) and soda sua hot ga (egg soda) . 
  Everything tastes very fresh and clean. 
 The service is fantastic. 
) Attentive service. 
The service is very quick and kind. 
 the service i received was superb. 
 prompt service go here. 
 Staff promptly greeted me and handed me a menu when I stated I wanted take-away. 
 quality and service. 
The BBQ pork rice and spring rolls are excellent.  Service is fast and efficient.  Prices are good.
The menu is too small, but the quality is great in food and service.
It's OK. We go here cause it's convenient and ok. To go service is a little iffy. Always seem to get something wrong. Pho is solid but apps are bland. Not the best not the worst. Slightly expensive for the taste
Overall expeirence there was ok. They have a very nice atmosphere and their service is very good. However I had the spring roll as an appetizer with noodle soup with rare beef, brisket and tendon. Compared to other places the soup was good however they give you very little tendon. The spring rolls had a very powerful taste and the sauce they had with it was not very tasty either. Above all else it was expensive for what you got compared to others. So for overall I would say that the service was really great and they had such a beautiful atmosphere however they do need improving on quality of food and the price 
Great place! This restaurant is really beautiful and calm inside. The staff is friendly and cheerful. The food is really fresh and yummy!
I was really impressed with this Restaurant.  It is very clean inside and the service is awesome!
 Greeeaaaaatt customer service. 
 and just left since it was probably the worst service I've ever received anywhere. 
Service is lacking. 
Service: We had 2 welcoming servers and they both wore smiles on their faces the entire time. 
Service here is fast. 
 you still get great service. 
The service was a bit spotty and even though we were very nice and said thank you with a smile. 
 Service - Very friendly. 
  The staff was friendly and really nice. 
Service is good. 
 Even though service was friendly and they bring the food out to you in a timely manner. 
The service was just as crappy as it was the first time. 
 really really bad service. 
 below average service. 
Mediocre to poor service. 
Friendly staff. 
 the service was ultimately attentive in the beginning . 
Pho Olivia is nicer than most noodle spots and the service was friendly and helpful which is absolutely non-existent elsewhere. 
Service 4. 
 Bonus points for how quick the service is here. 
5) worse part about this entire situation is the manager. 
 So any thoughts that the service was poor because they were busy cannot be used. 
In conclusion this establishment has horrible service for mediocre food. 
The place looks very nice and the people that work here are very polite and offer a great service. 
Service was nice and quick. 
Service: A
 with great service? I'm down. 
 The service is friendly and prompt. 
-Service was great. 
Service was excellent as the servers came by our table frequently. 
 The interior was upscale and clean and service was great. 
Service was friendly and quick. 
 so was the service. 
 Their customer service is POOR. 
Very clean and very friendly staff 
  The staff warm and friendly. 
 they did have control on customer service. 
 The service was prompt and courteous. 
  The service was excellent and welcoming. 
The service here is fast. 
 the staff can see everyone. 
  Overall the food was very good and service was friendly and prompt. 
honest service. 
Now for the Service. 
The service is pretty bad though except for the host he's very friendly. 
Service was kind and smiley. 
Service on the other hand was excellent. 
 The service is awesome. 
Service - Yay. 
Customer Service (Complimentary) - Yay. 
Service
   That kind of customer service screams. 
Customer service sucks with mediocre pho soup. 
 Then I told the manager. 
Customer service is horrible. 
 I have never seen worse customer service in my life. 
A star for good service tho. 
The staff is very attentive and very very friendly. 
SERVICE AND SETTING
  Service tends to be decent. 
SERVICE: 1 star
Wasn't expecting much from service since Pho places aren't known for greeeeat service you know? . 
 clean and the staff are always pleasant. 
 the service was good. 
The service was a little slow. 
 Food is great and service is great. 
 their service was in my opinion excellent. 
The service is always great and efficient. 
 I love the service and the atmosphere so much (and what I've got isn't contagious) I decided to dine in and I wasn't disappointed. 
Service like all Pho places was fast. 
Service:  Good. 
The service here was mediocre. 
Service: 10. 
 You walk in and are immediately greated with warm friendly service. 
 Food arrived within minutes of orders (literally the fastest sit down service I've ever had). 
 the ambiance is relaxing and the service couldn't be better. 
  The staffs are very friendly and their service is of the highest quality. 
Olivia- you need a new rule for your wait staff: NO LAPTOPS IN THE RESTAURANT. 
 The shorter waiter just couldn't break his attention away from what appeared to be a movie on the laptop in the staff booth at the rear. 
 And gotta mention the service is great too. 
 very rare to receive good service at any vietnamese restaurant. 
Service was attentive. 
The staff was really nice as well. 
  Staff was great - made recommendations and were very nice. 
The staff was very friendly and the decor is elegant. 
I've been here twice now and each time the service has been impeccable. 
 I sure do love a place with good service. 
 service. 
The staff is friendly & the ambiance. 
Very good service. 
  Service is always attentive. 
  Here you get good food and good service with an ambience of RELAX . 
 One waiter also had pretty good service and came to refill our drinks without being asked. 
 and friendly service makes this a pleasant pho cafe to dine at. 
The prices are really good and they have many options in their menu. 
 Prices are great. 
The BBQ pork rice and spring rolls are excellent.  Service is fast and efficient.  Prices are good.
It's OK. We go here cause it's convenient and ok. To go service is a little iffy. Always seem to get something wrong. Pho is solid but apps are bland. Not the best not the worst. Slightly expensive for the taste
Overall expeirence there was ok. They have a very nice atmosphere and their service is very good. However I had the spring roll as an appetizer with noodle soup with rare beef, brisket and tendon. Compared to other places the soup was good however they give you very little tendon. The spring rolls had a very powerful taste and the sauce they had with it was not very tasty either. Above all else it was expensive for what you got compared to others. So for overall I would say that the service was really great and they had such a beautiful atmosphere however they do need improving on quality of food and the price 
For appertizer, I ordered a dish of spring rolls.  It was very fresh and tasty!  For main dish, I had pho number 1 large bowl.  The soup was so good that I drank it all!  Unlike other pho places, the meat here is all fillet mignon and fresh. The Thai tea was excellent too.  The total price was reasonable.  I was filled up and totally satisfied.
 But the price is compensated by their cleanliness in their decor and food. 
  Prices are slightly on the higher side. 
  I'm pretty sure they raised prices since the last time I was here a year ago. 
 also relatively well-priced. 
 The portions are pretty big and the prices are decent. 
(a bit expensive for pho no?) Anyway I asked the lady to give me an extra bag and a separate little side of veggies for my sister. 
Our bill came out to be around $30 for the both of us - kind of expensive for 2 bowls of okay pho and 2 spring rolls. 
I always felt that this place is overpriced . 
 price is already expensive than other places and now they starting to charge onions. 
This place average food price is $9~$10. 
 which by the way will cost you an extra dollar. 
 For the price I paid here I could go to Pho 45 at Garden Grove (excellent place) and eat twice and with a real pho taste. 
My side of veggies tasted old and cost $2. 
 Too pricey for sub-par pho. 
Overpriced. 
 and the people here are very attentive and the food is WELL PRICED. 
 Pho Crystal in Costa Mesa. 
- Prices are fair
 The prices and portions aren't that great. 
 as I thought the large which costs more than other places wasn't that big and I wasn't fully satisfied. 
 a little pricey. 
 Charged full price for food we barely ate for something they had control over. 
The price was almost $1 more than many places in Little Saigon. 
 I've had pho enough times to know that this place was overpriced and underflavored. 
 not so big to justify the high prices ($7 for small. 
 Prices were quite high for pho- large bowl of pho was about $10. 
99) which priced more reasonably. 
 I don't think you'll find a place around here that will give you better quality for such a reasonable price. 
Prices are very high for what you're getting. 
Price - $8. 
 I'm a Fan (4 stars) - The regular price for the Large is $7. 
Overpriced?  YES. 
  I don't mind paying for a little overpriced dishes IF they were great. 
  I will pay higher prices for great tasting food. 
  I did not see anywhere on the menu about vegetarian broth being more expensive either. 
 it's a bit more expensive. 
 it's the most expensive. 
 both are very reasonably priced. 
Prices are quite high for a pho shop. 
PRICE: 1 star
 their prices are higher than other Pho places. 
 For the price you pay. 
Price:  Fair compared to Irvine. 
 expensive compared to Westminster
Price: 10. 
10 Only a dollar more expensive than most pho places (my large pho tai chin was only about $7. 
 the price is affordable. 
 and it wasn't too expensive. 
Everyone their was very polite and prices were decent. 
 for the amount of food you get the price is worth it. 
  I was in and out of there with very reasonable cost. 
  The price was a little steeper than I thought it would be - about what we pay when we go out to sushi. 
 considering prices vs. 
 Also OVERPRICED. 
Yes it may cost a bit more than other Pho restaurants. 
Minus another star for their prices. 
  The serving size is a bit small for the price. 
