 I've told as many people as I can about this place. 
 How can you not like a place where you build you own pizza and they have everything that you could possibly want on a pizza. 
This place is by far the best new pizzeria in town. 
 pieology is the place. 
this is one of those build it yourself pizza places. 
I like to have a lot of toppings on my pizza so this place is heaven for me. 
great thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients. this place works like a subway or chipotle in that you choose your toppings as you walk down a line. good customer service, but there is a rush around dinner time so if youre planning on going during that time, it's smart to order online and pick up your pizza 
I love Pieology, especially this location. I've never had a bad experience here. The only thing that came close was the one time where the line was so long that it went around the restaurant and through the back exit door and I had to wait in line next to the ramen place next door, but that shows how good this place is. I like how you can have your pizza your way. The cinnamon dessert is also something that I highly recommend. The staff here are really courteous and helpful, the atmosphere is very chill, and parking isn't bad at all since it's in a shopping center parking lot. I definitely recommend this place. 
I like these places where everyone can get what they want. It satisfies picky eaters. And no one has to settle. Pieology is great because the toppings are unlimited. Everything was fresh, tasted great and was quickly served to our table. I love the variety of toppings and being able to get something different since it is all yours. No one would eat my all veggie pizza. 
The only complaint is the place is really loud. Chairs that scrape and squawk on a cement floor coupled with loud music and a interior with no noise reduction features, created a meal where you can't talk during the meal when it is busy. And it was busy. We pretty much hurried up and ate, which might be their goal. Get you in and out fast! 
Out of all the make your own pizza place restaurants that have spring up over the last few years, pieology is still my favorite. It doesn't have the most topping options, but the selection is still solid and the pizzas are consistently good. The crust here is also my favorite. My only complaint about this location is that it can sometimes get very loud inside. It makes it hard to hold a conversation. 
I love pieology but this place is just so packed all of the time...
Love this place!   I get what I ask for.  Staff is always friendly and ready to help. More cheese?  Just say when.  More olives? Is this enough.
Always love this place. I can customize my pizza. They also provide wheat for pizza which make my pizza more healthy. 
This place specializes in pizza and they do it really well. So don't go here thinking that their dessert menu is where their strength is at. 
$8 for an unlimited toppings pizza! Awesome value, good food, great customer service. We love this place! 
 No wonder this place has less and less people every time we come here. 
 sausage  and all the topping tasted really good way better quality than other pizza places . 
  This is a great all around pizza place I will be back to try more . 
 then sit down type of place. 
 the decor was nice and the place was spacious enough where we could just hang. 
 Pieology is definitely a favorite place to eat. 
 The place was pretty clean with plenty of seating inside. 
I like this place a loooooooot. 
There aren't any other pizza places too close by so this is a good location for something that is delicious and inexpensive. 
Also the place has terrible acoustics. 
 sound is bouncing all over this place. 
The only complaint is the place is really loud. 
Good food - loud place. 
Great place for a quick custom pizza. 
 All in all a great place to eat. 
 and what competing places couldn't replicate. 
 Everyone is pretty nice and the place is pretty clean. 
 It's a great place to eat. 
Of all the "DIY" pizza places I have been to--including Social Life Pizza. 
 making the crust soggy--whereas we've had soggier pizzas at some of the other places. 
I absolutely love this place. 
They moved pretty fast for a place where every pizza is made exactly to order. 
So the concept of this place is just like Chipotle or Subway. 
 its kind of like the Chipotle style Pizza place. 
A better place to go is The Pizza Press just a few blocks away
 Have been coming back to this place and will continue to in the future. 
- the taste of the food is better than other places I've been
 I prefer this place a little more. 
I've tried similar places to pieology and I still believe that this place wins. 
 I thought it was just another pizza place. 
 Like what is so special about this place? Why the long line all the time? What in the heck are they putting in that dough. 
Now I would rate this place more like 4. 
 this place is great. 
 Just expect this pizza place to be booming everywhere and if I had the money. 
 and we didn't have trouble finding a place to seat either. 
I was so anxious to try the place out. 
  Anyone who loves having the ability to customize their food will fall in love with this place. 
  If you are a fan of thick crust pizza then this may not be the place for you . 
) the place continues to grow in popularity which is nice to see as they are still my favorite of the bunch. 
  A definite 5 star place in my opinion if there ever were one. 
Thanks to all the fabulous reviews on Yelp for this place. 
 do NOT put this place on top of your list. 
I would recommend this place and I'll definitely come back. 
Great place. 
Well I don't know what else needs to be said about this place other than it is awesome. 
I still trip out how this place lets me pile on the ingredients. 
This is definitely going to be one of my go to lunch places in the area. 
 clean up the damn place. 
 and you can't deny the success of pieology when other pizza places copy it's formula. 
 I actually enjoyed this place before. 
This place was absolutely perfect for me and my man. 
 it strikes me as odd that a place that makes pizzas to order would serve prepackaged side salads. 
 If you have special diet needs then this is the place for you. 
  If you are looking for a health conscious pizza then I guess this is your place. 
 I can see how this place is golden after eating top ramen all week. 
 I think this is who this place is for. 
But if you are looking for a pizza tasting pizza then I would recommend going to a traditional pizza place to avoid the disappointment. 
 There are too many other rocking pizza places nearby to come back here. 
 this is a pizza place? Ohhhh ok. 
I would recommend trying this place at least once to see what you think. 
This place is only 10 mins away from me. 
  This place is just too busy sometimes. 
  I would've given this place 4 stars BUT the staff really did make this a 5 star place. 
 I give this place a 5. 
What makes this different from your regular old pizza place is the fact that you can create your own pizza for a flat price. 
 there was some downfall to this place. 
I like to call Pieology a fun pizza place:
 this has happened at other places. 
 I guess this place is only as good as your pizza customizing skills. 
 I love this place. 
 so it's not really a place to go with folks to grab a pie and watch a game. 
 just like this place which kind of re-invents a very old food concept. 
 I had a "Roman" pizza at a tiny place around the corner from the Vatican. 
  The place was packed at noon on a Mon. 
  This place is about a 15 min drive from work and well worth it. 
I love this place. 
 this place rocks. 
This is not a gourmet pizza place. 
  The idea is catching on with other places like Blaze Pizza at the UTC at UCI. 
If you havent tried this place. 
My sis-in-law and her family love this place so when we were visiting Fullerton. 
When my friend told me about this place. 
Seating might be a little problem because this place can get pretty busy. 
 this place is worth a try as its uniqueness. 
 if you need your quiet time during a romantic dinner this is NOT the place for you. 
Drinks: The good thing about these type of places is that the food can taste good or bad. 
 Another place added to my list of awesome places to eat at while in Brea. 
  Try out this place if you like pizza and unique eats. 
Of course the thing that lured me into this place was garlic. 
Environment: 
What I like about this place is if you get bored you can always try new stuff by making crazy combinations of pizzas. 
I feel like people who are under "certain influences" (lol) *wink wink* will  dig like this place 'cause they can put EVERYTHING on their pizza and BLOW THEIR MIND AWAY at the concept. 
 the place can get packed around lunch time. 
It was still a very good pizza and better than most other places. 
The place is clean. 
 I love this place. 
i was super excited to try this place out
I don't know if it was the toppings that I picked or my unusual high hope for this place . 
 it would be a waste to pass up this place. 
I'm always craving pizza and what's better than a place where you choose your own toppings. 
?  This place feels and looks a lot like Chipotle and not in a bad way. 
  It's kind of a loud environment and seating is very limited so it's probably better for smaller groups. 
 if you're curious and you like to try different toppings -- please check this place out. 
 you can't really find better place than this. 
 that seems commonplace nowadays. 
Clean place. 
I really like this place. 
 clean place to eat . 
Definitely my go-to pizza place. 
 and coming from a place like this. 
One caveat: This place doesn't have the best acoustics. 
 yup this is the place to go. 
  I usually hate pizza places because I hate waiting 20-30 min. 
It can get a bit loud inside the place if you're eating in because of the metal chairs. 
echo-ey environment. 
 This place was very loud and full of screaming kids. 
I love this place - it's so innovative. 
Definitely will be  frequenting this place since it's such a good deal. 
 this place is just like a Chipotle for pizza. 
The place was packed . 
I used the 10% off yelp deal when I checked into this place as long as I bought a drink so it was all good. 
Only bad thing is the parking since there's a buncha other places here. 
 Definitely worth coming here to try this awesome place. 
Once you place your order. 
 Maybe that's why places like Subway. 
Realized i've been to a place similar (PizzaRev) and found out this was the original quick order pizza joint. 
By Chipotle of pizza places. 
 and toppings to place on a pre-made. 
 The place is clean and neat. 
 this is the place. 
I'm so happy to have finally tried this place. 
The place was super packed and I thought I'd never get my food. 
 I am DEFINITELY going to be coming back to this place soon. 
 This place has a doctorate in making pie. 
~5 Star Service: This place has "Sam the Man. 
another reason the OC is the best place to live. 
 this place is pretty good. 
  Ill continue to patron this place over and over. 
This is not a place for date night. 
 however: How is it possible to have a pizza place and not have beer?  It just seems wrong to me. 
 pizza (size of a dinner plate). 
 free refills on the drinks. 
 awesome for lunch. 
 still had plenty of time for lunch. 
Thinking of having a nice, crispy, juicy, healthy, good for your wallet kind of meal?  Well,  Pieology meets all these requirements.  It's like Chipotle for pizza.  First,  you get in line(which can be really long),  and decide how many types of meats or vegetables you want on your pizza, then you can add 1 or 2, heck you can add all the meats and vegetables for the same low  price of $7.50.  The long wait can be daunting, but the speed at which you wait for your food is SERIOUSLY LESS THAN 5 MINUTES!  I timed them, seriously less than 5.  The food is ridiculously good, and the service is awesome too.  
great thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients. this place works like a subway or chipotle in that you choose your toppings as you walk down a line. good customer service, but there is a rush around dinner time so if youre planning on going during that time, it's smart to order online and pick up your pizza 
I like these places where everyone can get what they want. It satisfies picky eaters. And no one has to settle. Pieology is great because the toppings are unlimited. Everything was fresh, tasted great and was quickly served to our table. I love the variety of toppings and being able to get something different since it is all yours. No one would eat my all veggie pizza. 
Parking is always an issue here when school is in session but I love the food. Always fresh and always hot. 
If you're a true foodie... Go here. It's WELL worth the commute and experience. 
$8 for an unlimited toppings pizza! Awesome value, good food, great customer service. We love this place! 
I like the food here they have really good dough and toppings very fresh and great tasting . 
 sausage  and all the topping tasted really good way better quality than other pizza places . 
 you go down the food line to create your meal. 
 The pizza tasted as good as it looked. 
 and mouthwatering good taste. 
My friend and I agreed on a late lunch and arrived at 3 PM. 
For the price and the amount of food I get on my personal pizza. 
Good food - loud place. 
 During lunch times. 
 Wild Thoughts run through my mind as I try to remember what the last slice I ate tasted like. 
 food has arrived and i sit stagnant as i stare at what I have wanted for months. 
The crust is super thin and the pizza taste really good. 
 it's like $8 for the pizza and with a drink it's about $10. 
The staff and food here are the best. 
 if you hit lunch. 
dinner time. 
 great food. 
ter and Red Sauce (Tastes GREAT together) 
 I went on a Sunday and had a early dinner so there wasn't much of a line. 
 Huge dinner rushes probably come and go. 
 I'd consider it fast food. 
 it tastes a lot better than you 'd expect and definitely a go-to. 
 quality of the food is pretty good for a medium sized pizza with unlimited toppings. 
 A pizza dinner that you can customize with your own toppings that costs around $10 is not only delicious. 
- the taste of the food is better than other places I've been
 Just order your pizza and drink and have a sat. 
 you serve yourself drinks so it's all you can drink. 
 so that way you know where to deliver the food instead of walking around looking all lost calling out David. 
  we ended up having way too much food left over. 
  Anyone who loves having the ability to customize their food will fall in love with this place. 
You can customize your own food. 
 the fountain drink tasted like wax. 
Because of their decline to level of 'fast food' mentality. 
Awesome taste. 
 I cant wait for lunch so I can eat the other half of the pie I ordered and ate half of yesterday. 
This is definitely going to be one of my go to lunch places in the area. 
Pieology tastes better then the competition. 
 the pizza was runny and very bland compared to how it tasted when they first opened. 
 the line was pretty long because I went during lunch time. 
 its a great deal here for lunch and dinner. 
Food:  SO GOOD. 
 The sauce was tasted very watery. 
7:07pm: Ok so the food came out really fast. 
 But I was disappointed that I could not get a good taste of the red sauce. 
 I probably would not return as compared to other pizzas I have tasted. 
 the way he commented about my pizza (which tasted devine by the way) was intently rude. 
  Expect to wait in line for about 20-30 min during dinner time. 
  I couldn't really taste anything. 
For the food. 
My Verdict is that the pizza tasted alright. 
 my foodie ego says "Man Vs Food finish it. 
 Pieology exploded onto the OC foodie scene very much like how Michael exploded onto the tennis scene a few decades ago. 
 especially during lunch hour. 
FOOD: I always choose my own toppings. 
 good food. 
 The line gets really long during peak dinner time. 
I tasted the other pizzas that my group created and the sausages were delish as well as the roasted peppers and pepperoni. 
 just like this place which kind of re-invents a very old food concept. 
 drinks and ding dongs (Yeah. 
  I prefer to taste my toppings vs eating a gutbuster Pizza Hut version that is all crust. 
 The greatest part is that it truely tastes fresh. 
 once I tasted my first slice. 
 the toppings tasted great. 
  Although they also have bottled drinks. 
The food is probably more like a four star. 
I prefer the taste of 800 degrees in Westwood's crust. 
Great Food
 tasted good and had all the crap I like. 
 just eat it and remember next time to tell them to cook it just a little longer  4+****Star food
 that you can customize to suit your on tastes. 
 I just love the concept and how fast and delicious the food is. 
 you would be able to fully appreciate the tastes that comes with them. 
 if you need your quiet time during a romantic dinner this is NOT the place for you. 
 Expect to see people of all backgrounds enjoy their food and buddies. 
Food. 
Drinks: The good thing about these type of places is that the food can taste good or bad. 
 filling lunch. 
dinner. 
 I'm giving a 4 for the food. 
Food: 
Drinks: 
Bottled drinks or refillable soft drinks on the side
 it was my first time and it was really rude that they didn't even give me 5 seconds to pick my food. 
 We liked the pizza so much we were even craving the pizza the following day and we considered going back for lunch. 
 this time I had the worst food poisoning. 
  I have never had food poisoning before so this was a traumatic experience for me. 
I'd classify pieology as a fast food joint. 
 you order off a board and have your food in about 10 minutes. 
 the place can get packed around lunch time. 
 They bake a smaller pizza and toss it some cinnamon sugar and glaze for a great after dinner treat. 
 it's a clever food option for the hungry college student. 
 tastes kinda like Blaze
 the pizzas taste very similar. 
 I went back to Blaze after and found their taste slightly more in my preference. 
 there was seating and the food was ready. 
 Recommended for any lunch or dinner when craving pizza. 
 You won't get this amazing taste out of any delivery pizzas out there and def not for less than $10. 
I assumed it would take a while to get our food . 
 we got it within like 10-12 minutes after ordering our food. 
it tasted like disappointment
 great taste. 
  If you got $8 to spend for dinner. 
 good food. 
 which they were - if you don't like the taste of the mix of toppings you put on. 
 choose a drink and whether or not you want a ding dong - have a seat and wait for your name to be called - then eat. 
 add a drink and. 
Mozzarella: Tastes like whole milk mozs. 
 after I order for my food to come. 
the taste is indescribable. 
Only downside is that there can be a bit of a line if you go during rush hour lunch time. 
 The cheese was oOey gOoey and the pesto added a creaminess to it that just hit all of my taste buds. 
 a great dinner. 
Don't expect a quiet dinner here. 
We hoped that the taste of our pizza would be so divine that we'd overlook everything else. 
 We found the thin pizza to be a bit undercooked and rather tasteless. 
 savory and pungent notes in my food so this creation really hits the spot. 
As for the taste? What's better than to eat a creation filled with your favorite toppings? 
 for $9 I got a good sized pizza and a drink. 
I used the 10% off yelp deal when I checked into this place as long as I bought a drink so it was all good. 
 I'd say -- about being able to customize your food. 
FOOD:
 the food is great and worth trying if you're craving pizza. 
 luckily the pizza tastes good no matter what you put on it. 
The place was super packed and I thought I'd never get my food. 
 with a drink. 
If you're a true foodie. 
 it was really cold inside the restaurant during dinner time. 
 taste. 
 so much food. 
 The meatball topping was ground up and tasted so good. 
 the food kicked ass. 
  Not sure what that mess was going to taste like. 
  At lunch time. 
  They bring the food to your table. 
 The staff was friendly and helpful. 
 EXTREMELY fast service. 
 Great service. 
Good atmosphere and nice staff. Build your our pizza or salad. Haven't tried their salad but their pizza are good. Fresh ingredients.
Thinking of having a nice, crispy, juicy, healthy, good for your wallet kind of meal?  Well,  Pieology meets all these requirements.  It's like Chipotle for pizza.  First,  you get in line(which can be really long),  and decide how many types of meats or vegetables you want on your pizza, then you can add 1 or 2, heck you can add all the meats and vegetables for the same low  price of $7.50.  The long wait can be daunting, but the speed at which you wait for your food is SERIOUSLY LESS THAN 5 MINUTES!  I timed them, seriously less than 5.  The food is ridiculously good, and the service is awesome too.  
great thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients. this place works like a subway or chipotle in that you choose your toppings as you walk down a line. good customer service, but there is a rush around dinner time so if youre planning on going during that time, it's smart to order online and pick up your pizza 
I love Pieology, especially this location. I've never had a bad experience here. The only thing that came close was the one time where the line was so long that it went around the restaurant and through the back exit door and I had to wait in line next to the ramen place next door, but that shows how good this place is. I like how you can have your pizza your way. The cinnamon dessert is also something that I highly recommend. The staff here are really courteous and helpful, the atmosphere is very chill, and parking isn't bad at all since it's in a shopping center parking lot. I definitely recommend this place. 
Only improvement could be the friendliness of the staff but overall great for a quick pizza bite. 
Love this place!   I get what I ask for.  Staff is always friendly and ready to help. More cheese?  Just say when.  More olives? Is this enough.
Great quick service pizza
Easy, fast, fresh, good quality and great staff!
I love it so much great customer service! Always clean and fast! especially very healthy only pizza I will eat now!
$8 for an unlimited toppings pizza! Awesome value, good food, great customer service. We love this place! 
 no customer service whatsoever to speak of. 
 helpful staff. 
 and manager Alexandria said their other locations may soon be offering it for the summer. 
 Very friendly and upbeat service. 
Service was friendly. 
 they do go by very quickly thanks to the service. 
The manager also came around while my group and I were eating to ask if we needed anything and also told us about their email club. 
 the service was great and kind. 
The service was quick and efficient. 
 the staff is polite. 
 Though once a staff member got annoyed when I asked for BBQ sauce. 
 Great staff and customer service. 
The staff and food here are the best. 
 If the manager reads this please give Gabe a raise. 
Service is quicker than I expected. 
This Fullerton Pieology has always been consistent in its performance (pizza quality has been the same) and its service (the pizzas come out pretty quickly). 
 Great service. 
 and the service was really fast. 
Service is fast. 
I came here a little bit earlier than when it opened which is 11am  and when the manager (assuming) opened the doors. 
 Service is really fast even on a crowded day (been here a few times beforehand already. 
- manager walks the area to ask how everyone is doing
- friendly staff
 Staff was nice and very helpful. 
The service here is always friendly and are very generous on the topping in my opinion. 
The service is awesome as well. 
Staff is very friendly. 
 So freakin' delicious and the service is superb. 
Very friendly staff. 
I was upset enough to complain to a manager. 
 one of the managers were sitting at a table having a pow-wow. 
staff would not acknowledge their negligence and lack of concern. 
 and LACK of priority #1-customer service. 
 Also the condiments were empty and had to ask from the manager. 
The customer service STILL sucks. 
I wish the customer service was better. 
Customer service:  Awesome they are always so sweet and accommodating even when they stare at me like "you really want more toppings?"  YES UNLIMITED IS FREE. 
What the heck did he say? Disastrous? This guy needed to go to SERVICE-OLOGY. 
  My second gripe is that with so much staff around. 
  I would've given this place 4 stars BUT the staff really did make this a 5 star place. 
  The manager cleaned up after previous guests in order for us to take a table in the shade away from the window and spoke to us about our day and the location and we were pleasantly surprised by his friendliness. 
  So for the awesome staff and the good pizza. 
  Thanks to all the staff for their kindness and suggestions on the pizza. 
Fast service? No problem. 
Service: Could be improved--my gripe is that the employees don't always listen to the customer's preferences (my friend actually just wanted ricotta cheese . 
  The Manager stopped by to say hello. 
  The staff is very friendly and efficient. 
the service is quick. 
Friendly staff that seems like they truly enjoy their job
 The staff is just a little below par in the head cheese department. 
Service 3***Star (they finally got it right)
 I seriously pointed at EVERYTHING and the staff member was very patient with me going back and forth in the trays of toppings when I spotted another cool thing to add to my pizza. 
 staff is on the decline. 
It's quick and  friendly service. 
 this location had bad service. 
 I heard Irvine had better service and is more generous with their items. 
Service: 
 I did not care for the service at all. 
 service is PRETTY QUICK. 
 its just all the subtle qualities in the service. 
  Service is pretty good. 
 friendly staff. 
 great service. 
I run customer service based businesses and I would be very upset if my employees treated my customers like that. 
Great service. 
 Pizza and service is still amazing though :)
One good note is that the staff was pleasant and friendly. 
 Staff was friendly except the guy that was on the veggie station. 
SERVICE:
 Self-service for most of everything else after you pay. 
The service was really good. 
~5 Star Service: This place has "Sam the Man. 
 It was his service that will make me come back. 
 some unhappy staff
 The service was good and the pizzas were done pretty quickly. 
Love being able to select EVERYTHING on you pie for the same price. 
 Prices are very reasonable. 
 sauces and all topping all for a great price of $8. 
 It's all 1 price so you can pile it on. 
 the price was the same for all pizzas. 
Thinking of having a nice, crispy, juicy, healthy, good for your wallet kind of meal?  Well,  Pieology meets all these requirements.  It's like Chipotle for pizza.  First,  you get in line(which can be really long),  and decide how many types of meats or vegetables you want on your pizza, then you can add 1 or 2, heck you can add all the meats and vegetables for the same low  price of $7.50.  The long wait can be daunting, but the speed at which you wait for your food is SERIOUSLY LESS THAN 5 MINUTES!  I timed them, seriously less than 5.  The food is ridiculously good, and the service is awesome too.  
Their business model is outstanding and they have very reasonable prices. 
There aren't any other pizza places too close by so this is a good location for something that is delicious and inexpensive. 
For the price and the amount of food I get on my personal pizza. 
Pies are pricey. 
The price is pretty decent. 
50 (the price may have increased slightly by now). 
 For about the same price (at least. 
 Parmesan and Gorgonzala): Since I'm paying a base price that includes all the toppings I want. 
 I can always depend on the Fullerton Pieology for a great pizza meal at an unbeatable price. 
I love the concept of building your own pie for a set price. 
 A pizza dinner that you can customize with your own toppings that costs around $10 is not only delicious. 
 and while it is priced the same and the same concept. 
Same price. 
50 price so add away (be forewarned however though that the crust is extremely thin so adding more than 7 toppings or so will result in a very flimsy pizza). 
price. 
They've raised their prices and have franchises in other states?. 
 the prices have gone up to $8+8%=$8. 
Them fucking rich white folks always gotta have mo' money so they sell franchises and raises their prices instead of keeping it local. 
None the less the grub here for the price is spectacular. 
  For the price this is good. 
 and even splitting pizza in half so that you can have two types of pizza for the price of one. 
 For the price you pay. 
Cost:  Less than $9 for unlimited toppings. 
 It's all the same price anyways. 
 for a fairly decent price. 
What makes this different from your regular old pizza place is the fact that you can create your own pizza for a flat price. 
 mozzarella cheese and jalapeños cost me about $7. 
Price: 1 personal pizza = $8. 
 If you're one of those people that like to get the most out of your money you should do this because it's the SAME price for the pre-chosen pizzas (where they already list out the toppings) . 
  It was a very good pizza for a phenomenal price. 
 half price. 
It was just about the same price as Chipotle would cost ($7-$8) and you get a good sized pizza. 
Inexpensive
 My pizza was DELICIOUS and inexpensive. 
  this is a great pizza joint for a reasonable price. 
The five stars is for a fully customizable individual pizza for the incredibly reasonable price of $7. 
   at this price everyone in your party can get whatever they want. 
  The price stays the same regardless of toppings. 
 and bargain price is all great. 
 Good price if you ask me. 
Price: $7. 
+ You can have everything on your pizza for 1 low price. 
 it's definitely worth the price. 
 and about the same price. 
 The price is also pretty decent for a whole pizza with unlimited toppings. 
 decent price. 
It's inexpensive IMO and it's a simple concept. 
 for a great low price?? my pizza was delicious. 
 The price is a flat $7. 
Price:  Average cost per pizza is $7. 
Their business model is outstanding and they have very reasonable prices. 
Pros: Cost. 
