 have a place where we could conduct our business lunch. 
I ate at this place twice. 
 think its the best Thai food in Fullerton and surrounding areas. 
My husband and I found this restaurant when looking for a place to eat near our hotel. 
 so I approached the counter and placed. 
I definitely recommend this place. I love the spicy beef salad here! The cashew chicken, sweet and sour chicken are also good. love the lunch and dinner specials. Lots of good flavors in their good. Service is usually pretty good.Listen to the other reviews, don't go past a 7 in spiciness. 
Food is so good, place is clean great price
Nice place I've been to a few Thai restaurants and this one had a similar vibe and the feel. Decor uses lots of reds and the staff is nice.
I have been a client for over 10 years and have always enjoyed the food.  But lately their service has become poor.  Place the order on the phone and I got scolded for their own mistake.  Also, they have been not very welcoming when I go there with my 2 year who is well behaved.  Probably because I am a vegetarian.  I wish their service will improve.
It was an okay Thai place. Nothing to grand about it, but not terrible. If I was in the area again, I would eat there again.
I really like this place,Food is really Good, But Bad Service
Best Thai place in Fullerton
The food is very good especially the lunch specials. The prices are more than fair. I've tried other Thai places in the area and this is my favorite when I'm in the area.
I'm so happy we found this restaurant! The Thai place we used to go changed hands and went downhill. Everything we ordered at Thai Basil was delicious! Perfectly spiced and flavored. We've also ordered takeout with the same great results. We went to another local Thai restaurant and spent the meal saying how the food wasn't nearly as good as Thai Basil.
I recently went to famed Chomp restaurant, and the whole time was there I was thinking "Man I wish I was at Thai Basil right now" lol.  Great food match by there Great service.  Me and my girlfriend love eating at this place and always look for reasons to go.  The brown rice I got with the curry was awesome because it was actually the dark brown rice with the nutty flavor instead of the kinda brown rice that most places have. 
A solid Thai place. 
Hubby and I have been coming to this place on-and-off for a good 5 or 6 years. 
 The rice is really good because it's not overly sweet nor is it too yellow like other places make it. 
 It's not super sweet either like some other places. 
I've been coming here for over 10 years and I definitely encourage everyone to try this place at least once. 
So this place is a hunger savor. 
 Warm colors surround the rooms and cloth napkins. 
 You KNOW a place is classy if they have cloth napkins. 
 this place is where you would go if it was just there. 
It's too bad because I would have given this place 5 stars if the waitress was nice. 
But overall a great little place. 
All of the times I have eaten at this location was because I came here because of a good friend who loves this place. 
 I suppose I'll keep on coming back to this place so as long as my friend and her husband continues to enjoy this place as well. 
Anyway nice place with an extensive menu. 
This place is just an authentic Thai restaurant the foods amazing I always come here for the pad Thai or any of the noodle dishes and if I want it spicy hot. 
Overall it's a good place for some real good Thai food
As far as ambiance goes this place has more charm than Thailandia. 
 this place gets PACKED on weekends. 
The ambiance is nice and they definitely kept the place modern and clean. 
 So far we have been there twice and each time the place is packed. 
One thing about this place. 
 This place is really busy during dinner and unfortunately it's around that time that service starts to slack a little. 
I'm impressed with how good the service is considering how busy this place gets around dinner. 
 I love this place. 
 definitely one of my favorite places to eat in the OC. 
 I am thankful to have a place such as Thai Basil so close to my home. 
 I like that they actually have a number of Thai servers unlike some places. 
 The service is definitely a big reason on why this place is as good as it is IMHO. 
The service is quick and the place is very clean. 
 This place is officially on my Yelp banned list - run away. 
 so if you're looking for an average Thai place for a quick meal. 
 this is the place for you. 
The place is ok. 
 I used to love this place. 
The place wasn't too packed. 
 Considering the ubiquity of Thai places. 
 and tender likewise in the right places. 
This little gem is the best Thai place in Fullerton. 
 The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. 
This place is a winner. 
My friends and I decided to cheat on our usual trip to Thai BBQ in Fullerton to check this place out. 
 this place is much nicer. 
This place wasn't good enough for me to cheat on Thai BBQ. 
 this place is great. 
Chicken Pad Thai ($7): it's so hard for me to try something different at a Thai place because I love pad thai wayyy toooo much. 
 still better than other places. 
 Although there are higher ranked Thai places in the area I went with guests that flew in from South Korea. 
  This was my friend's favorite thai place when we were students at CSUF many years ago. 
Friendly place. 
 this place has some really tasty authentic thai food. 
overall a place to consider if you just wear blinkers do your job of eating without much expectations and then jus get out. 
this is a great small little place. 
 me and my honey just one day were bored and were being fickle about going to the regular places and just said. 
 screw it let's try a random new place and we found such a cute little gem of a restaurant. 
 definitely we go to this place when we think THAI. 
 This place ain't nothing special. 
 Highly highly recommend this place. 
5 star rating because I don't know ANYONE who's been to this place that doesn't like it. 
As I mentioned above the place gets crowded. 
 Other than that the place seems to be clean and organized. 
 not the only place to go eat)
 it's a good local Thai place for not having to drive far from Brea. 
 the place is usually pretty busy. 
This place gets so packed though. 
 the entire place was packed with people. 
Highly recommend this place for those who love Thai food. 
 Sometimes there is only one or two server and the place is packed. 
 This place is really very amazing everytime. 
 Yet this place uses some Thai magic to perfectly balance that "salmon" flavor with the spicy curry. 
Check this place out. 
Very unfortunate to not find a decent Thai place near Fullerton . 
  Really hoping to find a place with some kick ass Pad See Ew. 
This isn't an atmosphere place - you walk in. 
 this is the place I come to. 
Environment - 3
 On the menu where vegetarian food is located. 
 The food is good and the price is even better. 
 I have been here multiple times and find the quality of the food to be consistently good. 
Thai Basil had a great lunch menu. 
 I had the lunch portion of the chicken curry with fried rice. 
 It all tasted delicious. 
 The curry tasted pretty sweet. 
 It is busy at lunch so if you have a big group it is best to call ahead. 
 The lunch menu is varied and inexpensive . 
 have a place where we could conduct our business lunch. 
 I highly recommend going there for lunch or dinner - excellent fresh Thai food. 
 The food is so good. 
 It leaves you a very good after taste in your mouth for a long period of. 
This is the best Thai food in Orange County. 
I been going to Thai Basil for many years now and let me tell you I never get over eating their food. 
 A friend took me for lunch. 
 The Red Curry catfish was spot on. 
 think its the best Thai food in Fullerton and surrounding areas. 
Just when I needed comfort food. 
 My brother had tried it and asked me if I wanted to go to lunch there. 
 Great authentic Thai food. 
 They have lunch special menu with lower prices and small portions. 
 perfect for lunch. 
 Wife and I love their food and is not too expensive. 
 Everyone knows about the authentic Thai food and rich flavors. 
Excellent food and service. 
 reasonable food
I definitely recommend this place. I love the spicy beef salad here! The cashew chicken, sweet and sour chicken are also good. love the lunch and dinner specials. Lots of good flavors in their good. Service is usually pretty good.Listen to the other reviews, don't go past a 7 in spiciness. 
Delicious food. Fast service. Lunch specials are perfect for a quick meal on a budget.
Very slow service. Food was pretty good. There are better thai restaurants for the same price elsewhere.
Food is so good, place is clean great price
My girls love Thai food.  Their favorite dishes  are Pad Thai and Pad See Ew!  Great service! Food was so flavorful and tasted fresh.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
Never Never Never Going back there... Bad waitress service and not good food. Ordered Green curry and Thai Basil chicken (there was not one basil leaf in my dish). I usually order from across the street but they were closed. Thought I would give Thai Basil a try. When I ordered they told me 20 min. I got there after 30 min, - no one greeted me, infact when I tried to get the waitress attention, she snapped and said hold on. Then she tells me i have to wait another 10 min and when I asked why she got upset and said the lady inside would help me out and walked away. Finally, someone from inside came out and dropped the bag of food on the counter and went back in. Then the same rude waitress came back charged me and said here you go... no "sorry for the wait" or Thank you."  I usually don't give bad reviews, but I found a small piece of wire / plastic in the Thai Basil chicken (i am not sure what it was but definitely not edible.)
Good quality Thai food at a good price.
I have been a client for over 10 years and have always enjoyed the food.  But lately their service has become poor.  Place the order on the phone and I got scolded for their own mistake.  Also, they have been not very welcoming when I go there with my 2 year who is well behaved.  Probably because I am a vegetarian.  I wish their service will improve.
Best Thai food outside of Thailand! Word is bond.
Best Thai food in Orange County, in a non-descript shopping mall.
The food is consistently good and fairly priced. The service is prompt but not friendly.
great food and service
Good service, very good food at reasonable prices.
Good food and service.
Good service and delicious food.  Be sure to look at the "rice plates" section of the menu, which has good stuff that you can order sans rice if you want to -- I had a dish with crispy pork skins that was amazing.  The thick porridge with preserved egg would have been excellent drunk food.
We have been going to Thai Basil for over 12 years now.....say about every ten days on the average. We have never had a bad serving of anything. We have always been treated well by the staff and you have to respect their speed and competency, even when they get very busy. The vegetables are fresh and all their food preparation is excellent, never overcooked.  We call Thai Basil "the  kitchen" because it has become our second kitchen
Best Thai food in the area. Never disappointed!
Great food great service.  We always get take out at least twice a week
An especially favorite here for us locals, come try this restaurant out. Authentic Thai food and great, friendly service. Try the various curries and don't forget to order your lunch or dinner special.
I honestly did like the food, it was delicious and served promptly. However, I only give it 2 stars instead of 4 because of how I was treated. A waitress working there did not acknowledge me, talk to me if she got my order, and when my food was served I was also introduced to the bill. They really gave me the experience of not being wanted. The food gets 4 stars but service gets 2.
Great Thai food. Amazing curry and pad Thai. Me and my wife eat here all the time. It's also in a great location. Easy to find, easy to get to.
Food was good and price is reasonable.  But service is a slow, need to improve on customer service.
love thai food. did not disappoint.
I really like this place,Food is really Good, But Bad Service
Good food
Great service great food
The food is excellent!
I did take out, twice in three days.  Quick, professional, fantastic food.  I eat spicy, ordered 10 in 1 to 10, my fault, order 7, fantastic food ..
One of my friends said that this restaurant doesn't serve authentic Thai food, but it doesn't really matter to me. The quality and price rock and the waitresses are consistently friendly and attentive (except perhaps when every table is filled, but that's probably to be expected anyway)!
Excellent food at a reasonable price. Dinner specials are great. Friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. Perfect for a leisurely family meal.
great food at a great price.
The food is very good especially the lunch specials. The prices are more than fair. I've tried other Thai places in the area and this is my favorite when I'm in the area.
I'm so happy we found this restaurant! The Thai place we used to go changed hands and went downhill. Everything we ordered at Thai Basil was delicious! Perfectly spiced and flavored. We've also ordered takeout with the same great results. We went to another local Thai restaurant and spent the meal saying how the food wasn't nearly as good as Thai Basil.
I recently went to famed Chomp restaurant, and the whole time was there I was thinking "Man I wish I was at Thai Basil right now" lol.  Great food match by there Great service.  Me and my girlfriend love eating at this place and always look for reasons to go. it's easy to get burnt out on Thai food. 
 I'm ready to burn myself out on this Thai food. 
 Like I said hit or miss (50% chance you will get good food): 
You know it's a miss when the pad thai tastes like nothing . 
  Whenever we have our thai food cravings. 
  Reasonable for the amount of food you get. 
 and for the quality of food. 
Food: I personally don't like to try new things lol so I just stick to my favorites. 
 It tasted good with rice mixed in. 
 Right down the street from CSUF which is so nice for the students there to get some authentic Thai food. 
Food:
The check was dropped off with our food. 
 love love love the food. 
But the food is really overpriced considering how little the portion is. 
  The green jasmine tea tasted and smelled like soapy water. 
 the wait time to receive our food was long-at least 40 minutes. 
 it certainly took a loooong time to receive our food. 
Food: I ordered the veggie pad Thai. 
 It was a pretty small portion compared to other Thai restaurants I've gone to and taste-wise. 
Food (ranking): family style. 
 Catfish Curry
 Might have been the first time I've tried catfish to be honest haha
 My friends like spicy food so we chose two non spicy and two spicy. 
Time during a hectic week to make dinner every day. 
 I can't even describe the taste of the soup. 
 fish. 
 The Pad Thai has been really tasty too (PEANUTS IN THIS DISH) They do offer lunch specials . 
 I'll be honest and say I haven't been here for lunch. 
 I do think your kids can take in food from other restaurants . 
 if my kids ever go with me I just might try because of the food allergy situation my son has. 
  The sauce in the fish with ginger and the calamari with basil were both packed with flavor. 
Tips: They can get pretty busy during lunch and dinner. 
FOOD
 The boyfriend tried the lunch special which we both weren't a fan of. 
 I noticed many people that drop by for lunch are regulars - they were addressed by their name and sit at their usual table. 
 We were seated and then left with our menus for a good 10 to 15 minutes with no one coming to get our drink order. 
 Two other parties were sat after us and were served drinks and taken orders before we were. 
returned the food and got my money back. 
Food is served HOT. 
 so we know what real Thai food is and are used to excellent service. 
I think the food still tastes the same which is delicious. 
 then it took about 30 minutes before someone asked if we wanted drinks while a party on the next table were seated about 5 minutes after us and they had their drinks and were able to order and get their food before we even got drinks. 
I personally love their Dinner Specials (Lemon Chicken) They give you so much and it definitely hits the spot. 
 Within five minutes I ordered beef Panang from the dinner menu with sticky rice. 
 The owner told me that he could give me that choice as a lunch with two appetizers. 
 My total lunch price was $11. 
 My only recommendation would be anyone desiring a bigger food serving when ordering lunch buy from the dinner menu at that serving size and price. 
I was finished with lunch by 12:40 PM. 
 they have lunch specials 
 Food is pretty good . 
 add more food. 
The food is absolutely amazing. 
-Decent food and decent prices
-Busy during prime hours(lunch mostly)
 They also have a daily lunch menu with a lot of choices. 
This place is just an authentic Thai restaurant the foods amazing I always come here for the pad Thai or any of the noodle dishes and if I want it spicy hot. 
Overall it's a good place for some real good Thai food
 But hey- everyone has different taste. 
 Also did not taste so great. 
Points for solid Thai food and ambiance. 
 I still love the food. 
 refilling drinks and pre-bussing tables. 
 it makes for a perfect lunch. 
 This place is really busy during dinner and unfortunately it's around that time that service starts to slack a little. 
There's a nice variety of drinks such as Thai tea or Thai iced coffee (highly recommended by the way) and several import and domestic beers. 
In short - good food. 
 busy dinners. 
I'm impressed with how good the service is considering how busy this place gets around dinner. 
 the soup and eggroll with the lunch menu have almost no taste at all whereas the fried wonton was totally average. 
 The pad see ew however had a good amount of taste. 
 the prices are outrageous for Thai food ($9 for most meals plus $2 for a small cup of rice?. 
 Food comes out pretty fast. 
The food wasn't that great enough for me to want to come back anymore and the service was terrible. 
 this is my favorite spot for lunch. 
 tasted way too bland
Spicy eggplant: A little too oily for my tastebuds
Food just didn't taste authentic enough. 
 spicy shrimp fried rice and catfish curry. 
 even during lunch time. 
 my suspicions were confirmed - it tasted like burned oil. 
Deep fried fish cake ($6. 
Thai coffee: not strong and borderline tasteless. 
 Not only is the food delicious and healthy. 
 it costs like $9 for a lunch combo that comes with rice. 
 I suggest dining here - Good prices - great food. 
They recommend  me so strongly 2 try Thai food rite here
This makes me open 2 eat Thai food
Let's get onto the food. 
 I've been to Thailand and I always tell people that most Thai food you get here in the U. 
 Their food is better. 
Helpful ordering information : just tell them how spicy you want your food and that's what you will get. 
 not so much you can't taste the food anymore. 
The food was "okay" to say the least. 
 Between the horrible service and mediocre food this is definitely not on my list to return to. 
 I don't think I've ever had pad thai so tasteless. 
 I found a hair in my food. 
 they have customers because the food is good. 
 I would definitely recommend Thai Basil for anyone craving Thai food in the Fullerton area. 
We found Thai Basil when our usual Thai food restaurant changed hands and the food quality took a dive. 
 The food is always. 
Food suggestions:
Looking at some of the other reviews I'm really surprised to see complaints about the service and the food. 
  They are always friendly and efficient and the food is always delicious. 
  Cloth napkins at dinner time and an actual page-turn menu. 
  Given that both locations do not have the BEST Thai food. 
The food overall seemed bland to me. 
 I'm not sure that lack of flavors equates healthy food. 
 when they made the food in a way they thought an American would like it. 
 Thai food varies depending on which part of the country you are in. 
  Lunch deals are great. 
 though Cal State is only blocks away and a lot of faculty and staff head there for lunch. 
Thai Basil is my favorite Thai food locally. 
 the food was superb. 
 either way the food is great. 
 I was impressed with how it tasted. 
Eggs were perfectly mixed into the noodles so that it had the soy sauce taste in it as well and it didn't just taste like eggs. 
 You really do get the check like 5 minutes after your food is brought to the table. 
 Drinks were refilled once they saw that it was almost empty. 
Typically when I review I compare against other Thai restaurants I've been to and the level of food standard and service. 
One thing that got me confused was that she went out of her way to mention that the lunch menu is available even during dinner. 
  We asked what the difference was and she said the lunch one is smaller. 
  We ordered the dinner portion . 
 when it came out it was clearly the lunch portion. 
The food was not bad. 
Each lunch comes with a small soup (the weakest part of the meal. 
 very busy at lunch time. 
 this place has some really tasty authentic thai food. 
 specially if you love spicy food. 
They had a egg drop soup (included in the lunch special) which was perfect for the chilly weather and their egg rolls and wontons are never overly breaded and crispy. 
 We were all very polite and ordered our food and drinks within 5 minutes of sitting down. 
I will probably give this restaurant another chance because the food was decent. 
 I can only imagine that the reason someone has given Thai Basil a poor rating is because of how crowded it gets and that it may have taken a while for them to get their food. 
 When? Every single day at lunch time. 
 and most always get the food out in a reasonable time is beyond me. 
Food is top notch. 
 Everything I get here tastes wonderful . 
Food can be a bit on the spicy end though. 
 i still feel that the food is spicy. 
Food: 
 They have great dinner and lunch deals that include appetizers and great thai tea. 
 The staff is friendly and quality of food is very tasty. 
 I had Thai food once before at this hole-in-the-wall spot in Anaheim on Gilbert and Lincoln. 
 they give you large portions of food here at Thai Basil. 
 as we were finishing up our foods. 
 Thai food is growing in popularity nowadays. 
 Such delicious food. 
Highly recommend this place for those who love Thai food. 
 or are curious to try out Thai food. 
 Their food packs some heat. 
 Salmon is a fish I hate. 
 it tasted SOUR. 
 It tasted old and I felt like I was going to get food poisoned. 
 they opened up a new milk carton and made me another drink. 
 It tasted better at first. 
 strangely again it started to taste sour. 
 It was kind of them to make me a new drink. 
 I know it's not just me because my boyfriend said it tasted sour. 
BUT it's okay because I care more about food than service. 
Both the sweets and I got the dinner specials which were $12 something and just enough for 1 meal. 
 Since last weekend's early dinner. 
FOOD:
 The food inside the soup was totally lacking. 
The only reason I come here is for the food. 
 Always have Lunch and dinner Specials. 
 Dinner is 12. 
 They are SO nice and go the extra mile to help you box your food and refill your water without asking. 
 i like the service & the food is consistent and tasty enough to satisfy my thai food cravings. 
I had the duck salad for my lunch. 
 You mix it yourself according to your own taste. 
The food is fresh. 
 Taste good every time. 
The food came out in 5 minutes. 
 Seems everyone got their food quickly. 
  With cheap lunches. 
 The food itself was average. 
 and the food was just ok. 
 the food here is OK and decent. 
 and flavorful food. 
 Thai Basil is a great spot to grab a quick bite for lunch or dinner. 
 My family was more annoyed that the waitress just left us boxes for us to box our own food yet the same waitress boxed the food of the table next to us. 
 We have no problems boxing food ourselves . 
  they give you the choice of how spicy you want your food from 1 to 10. 
 If I ever crave thai food. 
 Love their lunch specials. 
I go here whenever I'm craving thai food in the Fullerton area. 
 and food had always been delicious. 
Lunch specials have very good prices and satisfying portions. 
 The service is quick and you can easily order whatever degree. 
 The service is decent. 
 the service is so-so. 
Excellent food and service. 
Slow Service. 
I definitely recommend this place. I love the spicy beef salad here! The cashew chicken, sweet and sour chicken are also good. love the lunch and dinner specials. Lots of good flavors in their good. Service is usually pretty good.Listen to the other reviews, don't go past a 7 in spiciness. 
Delicious food. Fast service. Lunch specials are perfect for a quick meal on a budget.
Very slow service. Food was pretty good. There are better thai restaurants for the same price elsewhere.
Nice place I've been to a few Thai restaurants and this one had a similar vibe and the feel. Decor uses lots of reds and the staff is nice.
My girls love Thai food.  Their favorite dishes  are Pad Thai and Pad See Ew!  Great service! Food was so flavorful and tasted fresh.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
Never Never Never Going back there... Bad waitress service and not good food. Ordered Green curry and Thai Basil chicken (there was not one basil leaf in my dish). I usually order from across the street but they were closed. Thought I would give Thai Basil a try. When I ordered they told me 20 min. I got there after 30 min, - no one greeted me, infact when I tried to get the waitress attention, she snapped and said hold on. Then she tells me i have to wait another 10 min and when I asked why she got upset and said the lady inside would help me out and walked away. Finally, someone from inside came out and dropped the bag of food on the counter and went back in. Then the same rude waitress came back charged me and said here you go... no "sorry for the wait" or Thank you."  I usually don't give bad reviews, but I found a small piece of wire / plastic in the Thai Basil chicken (i am not sure what it was but definitely not edible.)
I have been a client for over 10 years and have always enjoyed the food.  But lately their service has become poor.  Place the order on the phone and I got scolded for their own mistake.  Also, they have been not very welcoming when I go there with my 2 year who is well behaved.  Probably because I am a vegetarian.  I wish their service will improve.
The food is consistently good and fairly priced. The service is prompt but not friendly.
great food and service
Good service, very good food at reasonable prices.
Good food and service.
Good service and delicious food.  Be sure to look at the "rice plates" section of the menu, which has good stuff that you can order sans rice if you want to -- I had a dish with crispy pork skins that was amazing.  The thick porridge with preserved egg would have been excellent drunk food.
We have been going to Thai Basil for over 12 years now.....say about every ten days on the average. We have never had a bad serving of anything. We have always been treated well by the staff and you have to respect their speed and competency, even when they get very busy. The vegetables are fresh and all their food preparation is excellent, never overcooked.  We call Thai Basil "the  kitchen" because it has become our second kitchen
Great food great service.  We always get take out at least twice a week
An especially favorite here for us locals, come try this restaurant out. Authentic Thai food and great, friendly service. Try the various curries and don't forget to order your lunch or dinner special.
I honestly did like the food, it was delicious and served promptly. However, I only give it 2 stars instead of 4 because of how I was treated. A waitress working there did not acknowledge me, talk to me if she got my order, and when my food was served I was also introduced to the bill. They really gave me the experience of not being wanted. The food gets 4 stars but service gets 2.
Food was good and price is reasonable.  But service is a slow, need to improve on customer service.
Very slow service
I really like this place,Food is really Good, But Bad Service
Great service great food
Excellent food at a reasonable price. Dinner specials are great. Friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. Perfect for a leisurely family meal.
I recently went to famed Chomp restaurant, and the whole time was there I was thinking "Man I wish I was at Thai Basil right now" lol.  Great food match by there Great service.  Me and my girlfriend love eating at this place and always look for reasons to go.Service was terrible today. 
Staff has always been good. 
To start: the staff is awesome. 
Customer service is good. 
Service:
- Good service. 
The service has always been good. 
Customer Service: 5. 
SERVICE
Today service was lacking. 
 and service is delivered often and with a smile. 
 so we know what real Thai food is and are used to excellent service. 
Service is good . 
 I had really great service and then the last time I went the service was really bad (maybe it was because it was busy). 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 They don't have the best customer service . 
Service was friendly and attentive. 
If service is a little faster and a little more friendly. 
 This place is really busy during dinner and unfortunately it's around that time that service starts to slack a little. 
I'm impressed with how good the service is considering how busy this place gets around dinner. 
 their pick up and online service is amazing too :)
The service is good. 
 The service is definitely a big reason on why this place is as good as it is IMHO. 
The service is quick and the place is very clean. 
 the customer service is HORRIBLE. 
 Seriously some of the RUDEST service I've ever been subjected to. 
Service was good. 
 Only thing was that the wait staff talked a lot and forgot to refill our water more than once. 
The food wasn't that great enough for me to want to come back anymore and the service was terrible. 
  Service was ok and I had nothing to complain about in that area. 
 service was fine. 
It gets pretty packed on Friday evenings so be prepared to wait and have slow service. 
 Staff was super friendly. 
 I asked the lovely staff what menu items are best for hands and take out. 
Friendly service . 
 The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. 
 Between the horrible service and mediocre food this is definitely not on my list to return to. 
With the customer service they have (which is common in most Asian restaurants). 
 Super friendly staff. 
The customer service isn't great. 
Looking at some of the other reviews I'm really surprised to see complaints about the service and the food. 
 as does the chef and staff. 
 though Cal State is only blocks away and a lot of faculty and staff head there for lunch. 
It's a shame because the service was a disappointment (to us at least) and it seems like their portions shrank over the years. 
 Service isn't the best. 
Service:
Typically when I review I compare against other Thai restaurants I've been to and the level of food standard and service. 
 While we were eating the entire staff was standing. 
 The staff is great. 
Service can be a bit lacking as they seemed to be understaffed during peak hours. 
Service: 
 The service is decent. 
 The staff is friendly and quality of food is very tasty. 
The staff is friendly as well. 
The only downfall I can see if the crowds and the service. 
The service here wasn't that great when I went. 
BUT it's okay because I care more about food than service. 
 Service is SO good here. 
 i like the service & the food is consistent and tasty enough to satisfy my thai food cravings. 
 Service was good. 
The customer service was good at first . 
 that sort of preferential service is a bit rude. 
 The service was okay and every time I've gone. 
Service - 4
Friendly service. 
Service was fast and friendly. 
 The food is good and the price is even better. 
 The lunch menu is varied and inexpensive . 
 and at an affordable price. 
 They have lunch special menu with lower prices and small portions. 
 Wife and I love their food and is not too expensive. 
Very slow service. Food was pretty good. There are better thai restaurants for the same price elsewhere.
Food is so good, place is clean great price
Good quality Thai food at a good price.
The food is consistently good and fairly priced. The service is prompt but not friendly.
Good service, very good food at reasonable prices.
Food was good and price is reasonable.  But service is a slow, need to improve on customer service.
One of my friends said that this restaurant doesn't serve authentic Thai food, but it doesn't really matter to me. The quality and price rock and the waitresses are consistently friendly and attentive (except perhaps when every table is filled, but that's probably to be expected anyway)!
Excellent food at a reasonable price. Dinner specials are great. Friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. Perfect for a leisurely family meal.
great food at a great price.
The food is very good especially the lunch specials. The prices are more than fair. I've tried other Thai places in the area and this is my favorite when I'm in the area.
My favorite Thai eating establishment, and the prices are reasonable.  See you there....
 For the price. 
Prices are okay. 
I feel like this was overpriced for mediocre and bland dishes. 
But the food is really overpriced considering how little the portion is. 
 all of the items were a small portion for the price. 
 there was a mismatch between portion size and price. 
  Look for a restaurant with a better balance of authentic flavors and lower prices or more generous portions
  The price are also super decent. 
Price: 5. 
Prices have gone up about $1. 
 Which isnt that bad considering they dont often raise their prices. 
 veggie pad thai costs like $9. 
 My total lunch price was $11. 
 My only recommendation would be anyone desiring a bigger food serving when ordering lunch buy from the dinner menu at that serving size and price. 
-Decent food and decent prices
 The prices are reasonable for what your paying. 
 fair prices. 
Overall its a decent meal at a decent price with a decent  menu. 
Best of all the prices are very good . 
 the prices are outrageous for Thai food ($9 for most meals plus $2 for a small cup of rice?. 
 reasonably priced options so maybe I will go back and give a follow-up review
 The price was great too. 
 it costs like $9 for a lunch combo that comes with rice. 
 I suggest dining here - Good prices - great food. 
 Prices are ok. 
 not super cheap take out prices (. 
 and not super expensive. 
 the prices are a bit high and the portions smaller than i'm used to. 
 at this price. 
 the price was good. 
For the prices. 
Price - 4
 the perfect seasoning and a decently priced portion. 
Lunch specials have very good prices and satisfying portions. 
