This place is casual. 
This place is quick with good quality for its prices. 
 I went about 15 after I placed the order and it was ready. 
I love Indian food and we've eaten at like a dozen mom and pop places around OC. 
 And this place had delicious food. 
  the place is a bit tiny so it's not good for big groups
But if you are thinking about checking this place. 
 I'm old at heart and there are times when I too long for a clean and well lit place. 
 When that place also happens to serve bomb Indian inspired rice dishes at an amazing price point. 
 And a clean and well lit place like here is something anyone can appreciate. 
This is my go-to place for when I want to grab a quick order to go so I can rush home to continue my GoT binge-watch. 
 You don't see goat at most places like this and it's actually pretty decent. 
 I still think this place deserves 5 stars. 
This place is always packed at lunch. 
 A good sign are the number of South Asians that frequent the place . 
This is honestly one of my favorite places in Fullerton. 
 A guy in front of me wasn't ready and he said he was new to this place and I was like me too LOL. 
 my church has become a regular at this place and we'll definitely come back for our Sunday lunches . 
 and this place passes with flying colors. 
I think this place is excellent in value and great in terms of taste. 
 Environment: 3. 
I do recommend this place and I will definitely be coming back in the near future. 
 the place was reasonably busy with to go orders and I decided to eat there before class. 
 Ps: This is a tiny hole in the wall place. 
We were a little worried when we arrived because we thought it was a fast food place . 
We were very pleased with out experience and we left saying "we've found our Indian place. 
I definitely recommend this place with my eyes closed. 
 I would recommend this place for a fast Indian food craving. 
 I guess that's why this place has good rating. 
  This place is where people go so they can claim they are a fan of Indian food even though most dishes barely qualifies as such. 
 Give this place a try next time you're thinking about pita hot or in the area. 
Is Curry Hut's food as good as my other favorite place? Not quite. 
 I'm just happy that there is a place for me to go on Sunday's when I am craving some quick Indian. 
Like the Indian place out in LA by the college. 
I really loved this place and its 2 item special. 
 Some places skimp on this small side and I always feel like a fatty for ordering more. 
 it was cool to see how much the community embraced the place as a handful of people came in and he knew them by first name. 
I eat at this place at least once. 
The place needs a deep cleaning. 
I was super hesitant trying a fast food Indian place as the few "Indian" type foods that I've tried in the north OC area have been subpar. 
 Plus it's hard finding a Curry Indian place as supposed to Indian. 
Mediterranean wraps and kabob places. 
(for those pick item places) so for a 2 item plate and garlic naan (which I would highly suggest you upgrade to) you're around $10. 
 they don't recognize me or anything which is a bit frustrating since other take out places do. 
5 star place and people rave about how authentic the food tasted. 
So my reason to give this place a 3-star is that comparing to my experience having tried great Indian and Nepali food in the past. 
 this place is an ok place for a quick and friendly service. 
 since the other Indian places closer to my house either had really bad parking (Punjabi Tandoor) or had spotty reviews (Tandoori Garden). 
 both other places would be too expensive. 
 and this place is much cheaper. 
 so I'll get to why I'm bothering in the first place:
The portions at this place are pretty good for what you pay. 
Maybe I'm hyping this place too much. 
You should definitely try this place out if you both want Indian food and don't want to break the bank. 
 as other places can get pretty pricy. 
  Check this place out if you like Indian Food and don't mind the strong smell. 
Other items are not so spicy still good place to visit
 I would give it a three star because I know places better than this. 
 I didn't expect super fresh from a quick service place. 
Pieology - The place that sparked the do it your way pizza craze
Namastey India was a popular place in Buena Park next to a series of Korean businesses. 
 good place if you're looking for tasty indian food. 
The place is small - a little amount of seating with TV for Indian music video (so hilirious - Indian people have a queer taste in dance and music video). 
It's a quick service place - you pick whatever on the warmer. 
I eat the foods and judge the place by myself. 
The food is set up like Panda express or any takeout food place you know. 
 And the naan is thinner than other places that I've been to . 
Would I call it the best indian food place? Probably not. 
  Will definitely come back to this place. 
I will recommend this place for the combo items and the mango lassi. 
 Ceiling tiles are displaced and dusty. 
 this place is great to get a quick fix of Indian food. 
Clean your place Curry Hut. 
 I instantly got the vibe that this place is authentic. 
 playing indian music videos and the strong smell of curry reenforced the idea that I came to the right place. 
 this place is a little steep with the pricing . 
 my experience with this place was positive. 
Authentic indian food with fresh naan makes this a quality place. 
I was a fan of a place called Namastey India for the last couple of years. 
 I discovered this place through Yelp & would frequently invite friends & church gatherings (EXODUS3. 
  Everyone I brought to this place loved Namastey. 
 to my chagrin I found out that Tony sold the place. 
 I liked this place and will be back. 
All and all it's pretty good place. 
 this is a great take out place. 
This is what I mean by this place being just o-k. 
 this is one place where looks are definitely deceiving. 
Do yourself a favor and check this place out. 
Is this place cheap and convenient? Yes. 
 when you factor in the filth factor of this place. 
 there are so many better ways to decorate a place to make it look. 
Bottom line: this place is quickly becoming a regular spot for me. 
 If restaurant atmosphere is very important then this place won't work for you. 
