The eating environment was like chilling at party USA. 
Be warned this place is NOT quite. 
 This place has become a go to for Korean bbq. 
My recommendation for this place is to try them during lunch. 
Service was so much better than other AYCE places I've been to. 
  This place is well worth the wait. 
-That is the main reason why I gave this place a 4 star instead of 5 because other than that I really like this place and the price is well worth the quality. 
 Overall I really recommend this place. 
This place is also a pretty awesome place to celebrate a birthday. 
 This place is great for groups. 
 I just have to go to this place again. 
 It was not a good place to talk to friends without having to shout. 
Others: Make note that there is a very long line for this place. 
 I won't mark down the place for this. 
 that just means this place is popular. 
 The place is busy. 
  If we have to flag down multiple servers to place an order for a soda. 
 Meat Quality: I would say my go to meat option for any KBBQ place is the beef brisket. 
 The standard to any good KBBQ place. 
 This place has amazing brisket. 
 This place has the best customer service of any KBBQ restaurant I've been to. 
Solid place for KBBQ in the OC area. 
Most Korean places I go to. 
 still do come around to check unlike most Asian places. 
Was craving kbbq and our previous favorite place was rebranded so decided to give this place a try due to their reviews. 
It's a little more expensive than other places I've been to . 
 I did not taste quality that was better than other places . 
 and I would overall recommend this place. 
This place gets packed ASAP. 
  This is not typical for all you can eat places. 
 this place is listed #27 on Yelp's Top 100 restaurants list for 2016. 
 So why do I love this place so much?
 I knew I was at the right place when the majority of the table was covered in food and you can't fit all of it in a picture haha. 
yelps-top-100-places-to-eat-in-the-us-for-2016-fast-track-to-a-food-coma
 BBQ the #1 KBBQ place in the United States of America. 
The thing that makes this place stand out the most is the service. 
Honestly I wasn't sure why a lot of people like this place. 
 Maybe it's because it's the only kbbq place in Fullerton?? Or it's very similar to Gen. 
 Maybe the reason why I didn't like this place was because their brisket was not that good. 
 But definitely not my go to place
 The servers come around pretty often to replace grills. 
 most of the things you have to ask for at many other KBBQ places). 
I can't say enough good things about this place - it's worth every penny and lives up to the hype. 
Service was good which you normally don't  expect from busy kbbq places. 
Probably the only decent place in Fullerton. 
This place is great and despite how crowded it was the wait wasn't too long and I'll likely be back if I'm ever in the area again. 
 this is the place to be. 
 better than a lot of other KBBQ places I've been to. 
 their bulgogi was perfectly marinated and not as sweet as other places. 
this place has no call bell like some of the other Corean places . 
 the only place i would hands down come for this. 
 misplaced orders a couple times. 
Tips: Overall I would not recommend this place. 
 I do like how they have so much choices on their menu that everything you would want on a kbbq place would be here. 
 and there's always a lot of people there cuz this place is just that great. 
There are many places for KBBQ on every corner nowadays. 
 With so many places to get your KBBQ fix. 
 This is one of the best places to embarrass your coworkers on their birthdays. 
The lasting impression? "There are many KBBQ places you can choose from in SoCal . 
 Some servers at other KBBQ places forget to bring dishes you requested for. 
 Brisket aka the most famous cut at an ayce bbq place was DRY. 
This place has thee most banchans ever. 
Definitely recommend this place. 
 Mr BBQ has found its place in Yelp's Top 100 places to eat in the U. 
 if any smaller groups are looking for a KBBQ place that seats people in the order that they arrive. 
 a place recently opened in Brea on Imperial Hwy. 
I just recently introduced this place to my boyfriend from Iowa and he can't wait to come back and eat here again. 
 this place is pretty spacious and has a hip vibe to it . 
 was lucky enough that the guy that replaced him fixed our bill and let us know about the happy hour. 
I enjoy going to this place. 
 I enjoyed this place. 
 there was no high quality meat here that would blow any other KBBQ place out of the water. 
 and the salad is a lot better than most KBBQ places because of the addition of carrots and daikon in it. 
 Would definitely recommend this place to everyone. 
 I can't imagine how bad weekends are for this place. 
 But that is probably because this place is amazing and a lot of people come here and take their time eating. 
 I highly recommend this place. 
Highly recommend this place and would def come again . 
 much more than other AYCE places I have to say. 
 The cuts of meat are actually pretty decent and high quality as compared to other places. 
 for the price of an AYCE place. 
 this place lives up to the hype. 
 I recommend other alternatives because this place is pricey. 
 this place is FUN. 
  My husband is planning on having his annual company party at this place he loved it so much. 
 I really like this place. 
This is a great place for birthdays. 
 I will definitely be recommending this place to my friends that come to visit. 
BEST BBQ PLACE IN SO CAL. 
Read some reviews on Yelp and I 'm glad I checked out this place. 
 I could totally see this place was poppin. 
 It does not compare to those other chain KBBQ places. 
The meat quality here is good compared to places like college-student-low-budget Red Castle or Cham Sut Gol. 
 Great place to bbq and beer. 
Service was dedicated waiters rather than the zone defense most ayce places employ. 
 There was also a BUNCH of oil splatter from the grill to the point where the surrounding surface had a layer of grease by the end of it all. 
Really wanted to like this place because of all the positive reviews. 
 It sucks cause we definitely don't have a place half as good as Mr. 
 Then the workers surround the table with horns and lights. 
 this place definitely deserves it. 
For the price this place is a real bargain. 
 This place deserves to be on Yelp's Top 100. 
I have been to numbers of KBBQ places in the OC. 
 and this place tops all of them. 
This place apparently only has tables of 6. 
I liked this place and would love to come back. 
 You will need to wait to be seated this place is popular. 
 especially at an all you can eat place. 
 where can i start with this place? walking in. 
 it definitely reminds me of Gen or other kbbq places that can sorta look like a nightclub. 
I hate how most authentic kbbq places only serve korean beers. 
 BBQ is #27 of the top 100 places to eat in US by Yelp. 
It is a little pricier than other places. 
 They have pretty much the same items as every other AYCE place. 
I think this place is worth the wait. 
Premium Beef Belly: first time having beef belly at a kbbq place. 
 better than most places I've been to in orange county. 
The environment was really fun as well. 
** In note of parking: the place only has valet parking. 
I wouldn't say that there's anything too outstanding about this place. 
 compared to some lower-priced priced places. 
 this place definitely has better meat quality. 
If there was anything to complain about for this place is the wait time. 
 it's no wonder why this place had an hour and ten minute wait. 
  I couldn't tell you if this place is not busy. 
We will definitely be back at this place when we are back in town. 
 overall the meats ranged from okay to pretty darned good for this type of place. 
 The other place we went just gave us the scissors. 
Overall great place and worth to keep going as your go to kbbq place
 This goes above and beyond any expectations I've ever had for this place and he singlehandedly is the reason why I'm coming back to this place and asking for him specifically every time. 
place is over hyped. 
It is definitely a cool place to go celebrate one's birthday with a large group. 
 with the high price comes high quality meat and a good environment. 
The place is always busy. 
 Definitely give this place a try. 
I will definitely be coming to this place a lot more now. 
 I mean overall this place really can't be beat even though the wait was about an hour on a Sunday night. 
This restaurant is a little bit pricier than most of the K-town AYCE KBBQ places with the lowest tier of their dinner menu being priced at $22. 
 and the meat is better than other places. 
 like 99% of KBBQ places. 
 I'd recommend this place. 
  The brisket was super juicy and has very limited fat which means this place rules. 
  The place is clean. 
 and the food was pretty good (on the same level as other KBBQ places). 
 Great place to eat Korean BBQ. 
 This place is worth your price and definitely the best KBBQ in my book. 
This place has. 
 the best service that I've ever recieved at any kbbq place. 
 which I never do at any other kbbq place. 
I love this place and will definitely be back for the fine service and delicious food. 
 I'm sorry to say that the quality of the meat at Mr BBQ isn't much better than other places that charge a lot less money. 
 The food was whatever taste like any other Korean bbq place. 
 Their meat doesn't have that frozen texture that you might get from other kbbq places. 
 The quality of their meat here just tastes a lot better than a lot of places I've been to. 
 This place is no joke. 
 She kindly greeted us as we placed our name on the wait list. 
 Christine never once got mad or irate for every time we placed an order or have a request. 
 this place is great. 
 very great place for family dinners. 
I suggest everyone come and check this place out. 
Environment: Club-like. 
colorful lights and family friendly environment. 
 it's more colorful and fun than most AYCE KBBQ places. 
 It's a fun place. 
Overall: Chill place. 
 the place was not as packed is it usually is. 
 this place was busy and we did not once feel like we were ignored and that's a huge plus. 
 I recommended this place to anyone in the area or willing to make the drive it is a little pricier than the premium KBBQ spots in K-town . 
If you were to do a blind taste test with the meat here and from another KBBQ place. 
 That's about all that was premium at this place. 
 Once our orders was placed. 
 that's expected at most kbbq places anyways. 
 BBQ is a cool place to eat if you in the Fullerton area . 
 This place also have complimentary ice cream if you still have room for dessert. 
This place has got to be my new all time favorite ayce Kbbq. 
The place is VERY noisy inside. 
 the place is crazy busy. 
  Its also a fun environment. 
This place by a long shot is my #1 place for ACYE kBBQ. 
 The service is really good here compared to many other places. 
 I don't mind it personally because this place can get packed and the parking lot is very limited. 
 Nice environment. 
 The overall atmosphere of this place is trendy & very hip and suiting for college students. 
 they had a sign posted up stating that they are ranked #27 in the US top places to eat for 2016. 
If this place is so good. 
 Pricing in comparison to other KBBQ places are a little more. 
 Good place to kill time & have a few drinks. 
 one of my top places to come eat. 
I visited with a good friend who read about this place on Yelp. 
