 then this is the right place for you. 
There's definitely better places to eat . 
I'd give the place 5 stars. 
 Any place near a college is pricier. 
 while waiting I was checking out the place. 
   I'm sure this place is packed with college students on weekends since it's right at it's the steer from CSUF. 
As we walked in the place was busy as the Women's World Cup was about to come on. 
 all the other surrounding booths filled in the televisions were all changed to the upcoming soccer game. 
 I had looked down at my watch and realized we had been here for over 15 minutes without so much as an acknowledgment from a server let alone a drink order being placed. 
 and the place wasn't very busy (yet). 
 not too bad for a college place. 
  This is also one of the few places that offer all the MLB games on their 40 TV's. 
I would encourage everyone to try this place out. 
 They have plenty of natural lighting which helped the place to not look like a bar. 
  The booths and tables and surrounding woodwork went well together giving the place a sleek contemporary look. 
  This place is new and they seem to be working out the kinks just fine. 
  What I really appreciated was that the place split up the work. 
 none of these weird adjuncts that some places get carried away with (Yes. 
 I am looking down the road to you Placentia). 
 we didn't have any food in our new place because we just moved in. 
 we're on the search for our go-to pizza place. 
 so this place may have to be kicked out of our list. 
  Their original place in Orange was great. 
Not sure why this place only has 3 stars. 
  In the last 2 months we've been here 6 times and each time we always invite more friends to introduce them to this place. 
Haven't had a bad experience so I recommend to give this place a shot and try out their pizzas and burgers. 
 when I saw this place only had 3 stars. 
Great place to come for a brew. 
The place smelled like a construction site: odors of building materials. 
 Needless to say we left embarrassed that we suggested that place. 
 that is the only reason I don't rate this place one star. 
This place is really close to where my boyfriend lives. 
 The place was full at 6pm - they have a very good Happy Hour that ends at 7pm Monday through Friday. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
This place clearly exists for the sports and college students. 
This place blows Bj's out the water. 
 Plenty of other pizza and wings places. 
 They also have a beer reputation and it's a great environment for sports fans. 
My husband is a craft beer enthusiast and this place boasts a nice. 
Ps: as much as I love this place. 
