 It seems to be a popular place for the Fullerton college kids to hang out too. 
 We placed our order and sat down to wait for our food to come. 
 Even upon replacement. 
 No one wants to eat at a dirty place and while your pastries and food selections may be good. 
- I wasted my entire lunch at this place waiting on my order. 
 They couldn't get someone out to fix the internet in that time? A place like Panera? That's ridiculous. 
 I want a place that cares about making things right. 
 every time I go to this location in comparison to the Costa Mesa or Huntington Beach. 
     The place was disheveled and the staff were all college kids standing around talking in a group of 4 with their regular clothes on and one of them wearing their back pack. 
And I love to see the CSUF students filling up the place. 
 they were wondering where my physical order was placed. 
 which is a little high in my opinion when it's not really a sit down dinner kind of place. 
 this place isn't hit-or-miss at all for me for the past few months. 
Kind of regret putting quite a bit of money into this place now. 
 friendly employees at this place. 
 and I smile brightly at them as I place my order. 
 Most places will notice when the coffee is out and be able to fill it up fast. 
 That's when I know a place is lacking. 
 I think the bread at the Huntington Beach location just tastes better. 
 the place is teeming with college students. 
 I'm sure Plug Hunt was a clue to how crowded this place gets. 
 But I did partially choose Panera over other places because of wi-fi access. 
This place is right by my school. 
 and she kindly informed me that they have a nice fireplace in the middle of their dining area. 
 this place is pretty clean and speedy. 
 knowing how this place deceives people it could just be an optical illusion) which is nice. 
I understand the appeal this place has for some people. 
  Why is place always so crowded?  Free wifi?
Rude corporate lady: Where is (insert some place)?
 good place to study. 
  Using my laptop here was half the reason I chose to dine here in the first place. 
 this place looks like a Corner Bakery with similar offerings. 
Free wifi & a nice cafe interior makes this place an easy choice for chillen casually. 
 this is a good place to come. 
I enjoy this enviroment and it's near school so makes it all the better. 
The place is pretty good. 
 The place does feel a lot like Corner Bakery. 
Panera is a delicious place to get your study on. 
They also have a really nice fireplace that splits the two areas in the dining room. 
It's a great place to catch up with friends and Starbucks and Yogurtland are right across the street if you need something different. 
 which makes this place great for studying all day. 
 this is the perfect place because you can have breakfast. 
Panera bread is the perfect place to do lunch with a friend to just catch up or study up for a quiz while pigging out on some tasty delectable goods whether it be salty or sweet. 
 the girl who brought me my bagel just placed it in front of the coffee dispensers and said. 
I was surprised to see how packed this place gets. 
 Just a nice place to come and relax if you need to study. 
I highly recommend this place to study. 
 or a pastry to get you started in the morning it is a great place to eat for any occasion. 
 The atmosphere is probably a little quieter than most places which is perfect for catching up with someone and being able to talk without being overwhelmed by other sounds. 
The place is spacious and has lots of tables. 
 this place isn't exactly a formal eating environment. 
 this place is pretty hip looking. 
This is my first review of the place and I will say I enjoyed my self rather much. 
I can never figure out why the place is so busy at every hour of every day. 
  Why is the fireplace ALWAYS on in there?. 
This place is ALWAYS packed with people who are eating or studying. 
Also a great study place. 
 It's easily accessible to multiple schools and is a great place to do homework. 
This place has terrible customer service. 
 this place just did not tickle my tummy in all the right places and definitely didn't seduce my tastebuds. 
