  The brown rice I got with the curry was awesome because it was actually the dark brown rice with the nutty flavor instead of the kinda brown rice that most places have. 
A solid Thai place. 
Hubby and I have been coming to this place on-and-off for a good 5 or 6 years. 
 The rice is really good because it's not overly sweet nor is it too yellow like other places make it. 
 It's not super sweet either like some other places. 
I've been coming here for over 10 years and I definitely encourage everyone to try this place at least once. 
So this place is a hunger savor. 
 Warm colors surround the rooms and cloth napkins. 
 You KNOW a place is classy if they have cloth napkins. 
 this place is where you would go if it was just there. 
It's too bad because I would have given this place 5 stars if the waitress was nice. 
But overall a great little place. 
All of the times I have eaten at this location was because I came here because of a good friend who loves this place. 
 I suppose I'll keep on coming back to this place so as long as my friend and her husband continues to enjoy this place as well. 
Anyway nice place with an extensive menu. 
This place is just an authentic Thai restaurant the foods amazing I always come here for the pad Thai or any of the noodle dishes and if I want it spicy hot. 
Overall it's a good place for some real good Thai food
As far as ambiance goes this place has more charm than Thailandia. 
 this place gets PACKED on weekends. 
The ambiance is nice and they definitely kept the place modern and clean. 
 So far we have been there twice and each time the place is packed. 
One thing about this place. 
 This place is really busy during dinner and unfortunately it's around that time that service starts to slack a little. 
I'm impressed with how good the service is considering how busy this place gets around dinner. 
 I love this place. 
 definitely one of my favorite places to eat in the OC. 
 I am thankful to have a place such as Thai Basil so close to my home. 
 I like that they actually have a number of Thai servers unlike some places. 
 The service is definitely a big reason on why this place is as good as it is IMHO. 
The service is quick and the place is very clean. 
 This place is officially on my Yelp banned list - run away. 
 so if you're looking for an average Thai place for a quick meal. 
 this is the place for you. 
The place is ok. 
 I used to love this place. 
The place wasn't too packed. 
 Considering the ubiquity of Thai places. 
 and tender likewise in the right places. 
This little gem is the best Thai place in Fullerton. 
 The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. 
This place is a winner. 
My friends and I decided to cheat on our usual trip to Thai BBQ in Fullerton to check this place out. 
 this place is much nicer. 
This place wasn't good enough for me to cheat on Thai BBQ. 
 this place is great. 
Chicken Pad Thai ($7): it's so hard for me to try something different at a Thai place because I love pad thai wayyy toooo much. 
 still better than other places. 
 Although there are higher ranked Thai places in the area I went with guests that flew in from South Korea. 
  This was my friend's favorite thai place when we were students at CSUF many years ago. 
Friendly place. 
 this place has some really tasty authentic thai food. 
overall a place to consider if you just wear blinkers do your job of eating without much expectations and then jus get out. 
this is a great small little place. 
 me and my honey just one day were bored and were being fickle about going to the regular places and just said. 
 screw it let's try a random new place and we found such a cute little gem of a restaurant. 
 definitely we go to this place when we think THAI. 
 This place ain't nothing special. 
 Highly highly recommend this place. 
5 star rating because I don't know ANYONE who's been to this place that doesn't like it. 
As I mentioned above the place gets crowded. 
 Other than that the place seems to be clean and organized. 
 not the only place to go eat)
 it's a good local Thai place for not having to drive far from Brea. 
 the place is usually pretty busy. 
This place gets so packed though. 
 the entire place was packed with people. 
Highly recommend this place for those who love Thai food. 
 Sometimes there is only one or two server and the place is packed. 
 This place is really very amazing everytime. 
 Yet this place uses some Thai magic to perfectly balance that "salmon" flavor with the spicy curry. 
Check this place out. 
Very unfortunate to not find a decent Thai place near Fullerton . 
  Really hoping to find a place with some kick ass Pad See Ew. 
This isn't an atmosphere place - you walk in. 
 this is the place I come to. 
Environment - 3
