Service is very friendly and the place is very clean. 
I really do like this place. 
 its not one of my favorite ramen places. 
 that seems to be the consensus among all of the non-chain ramen places I've tried. 
I prefer this place over Kopan Ramen because the prices are better and you don't have to order every ingredient separately. 
 this place has pretty good noodles and their Takoyaki was pretty good. 
I think there are better ramen places (better taste and slightly cheaper) if you go towards LA. 
I have found a new ramen place I have fallen in love with. 
 this place is always the first ramen restaurant that pop out in my mind. 
 this place is just too good. 
 It wasn't too salty like other places and the spicy miso was very flavorful. 
First off i thought this was some speed dating place. 
This place is soo much better than ajisen . 
 this place is solid & I could definitely come back. 
 the place wasn't full and we were ushered to a table inside right away. 
 to be honest I found this place to be incredibly average. 
 Since it's a ramen place. 
COMBO DOES NOT COME WITH EGG AT THIS PLACE and they charge you a dollar for one egg. 
 a great place to go for comfort food especially they open late. 
 Great place. 
 it was nice that this place was open until 1. 
 I was excited after reading some reviews about this place. 
I walked in and this place was fully packed with a lot of people so I had good expectations for this place. 
 that's more of a luxury at ramen places for them to get it perfectly soft boiled. 
 Every ramen place I've been too. 
 overall I think this place has good potential for growth. 
 I could see my self giving this place 4 stars. 
 this place is good if you are craving ramen and don't want to wait too long for your food. 
Review:  This place was good. 
  This place was pretty good ramen. 
 I'm giving it a 4-star cause I'm comparing it to other Ramen places that I've been to like Ippudo and Totoramen which are both from NYC. 
I'm surprised that a place that prices about $8 a bowl is this good. 
 At first we weren't sure if they'd be cool about us sharing a ramen because we have been to a place where they charged extra to share a bowl. 
 I was actually sort of disappointed because a lot of people I know like this place. 
 check this place out. 
Place is small waiting list . 
 It would be nice if the place were bigger. 
 then it is surrounded by a few college campuses which is understanding. 
Small place with bar seating. 
I really like this place. 
 Usually at ramen places they ask for the firmness of the noodle. 
 this place takes chances. 
 Who doesn't put squid on top of takoyaki? The gall of some places
 this place is the only option for ramen. 
 another mediocre ramen place. 
 I love this place. 
This place is highly recommended. 
I don't regret coming here because I love trying new ramen places. 
 I for sure prefer going to Shinsengumi or Daikokuya over this place. 
 it was below 40 degrees outside and everyone in Fullerton wanted ramen because the lines at all the ramen places were out the door. 
