 who discovered this great gourmet burger place near Fullerton College. 
We have been going to this burger place for years. 
We stopped here for dinner one night thinking it would be only a burger place. 
 This is a walk up and order place with food brought to you. 
I really enjoyed dining at this place. 
Heard about this place from a friend and decided to try it. 
 For basically a fast food place the prices are way out of line. 
I love hamburgers and this place knows how to do them. 
I can't tell you how happy I was to find this place. 
 Friendly staff and very clean place. 
Wonderful place and great food. 
 Downtown Fullerton is lots of fun and this place is a fabulous addtion to the city. 
This place is great. 
 It's a busy place . 
 it is a great causal place to get a really great gourmet style burger. 
While trying to decide where to eat we figured since this place is packed we might as well try it. 
Let me say that the service at this places de me feel very welcomed. 
The place has great atmosphere with the big windows open to downtown Fullerton and the old brick structure. 
My husband and I had just attended an organ concert at Plummer Auditorium in Fullerton and were looking for a good place to eat. 
Burgers are better than any other Fast Food place. 
 good place to go when you come back late from a park or event and need a quick Dinner
 food was hot and better than your average fast food place. 
 Good place to visit if you arrive late back from the parks and want a quick meal. 
This is one of the cleanest fast food place I have been to. 
 Place was dirty. 
Something other then standard fast food place. 
 This place is good for quick bites and has a very friendly staff. 
 wanted to visit his favorite place before he left. 
We have visited this place 3 times in just a couple of months. 
We picked this place because we had a Korean student traveling with us. 
This place apparently only has tables of 6. 
 So glad our other place was closed for remodel. 
Picked this place because of ratings. 
 We waited for 90mins before e got a place. 
This is a super cheap bbq placed owned by Koreans. 
 this isn't the place. 
 I am giving this place 5 stars even though I am cooking my own food. 
My husband and I stumbled upon this restaurant while we were looking for a place to eat. 
This is an all-you-can-eat BBQ place. 
Cool place and very clean. 
 this is a place that is sure to make you a fan. 
 If you've never been to a Korean BBQ place you need to try it at least once. 
 The staff and manager were super nice place and I got a free &quot. 
 and the place wasn't very busy (yet). 
Place is clean and updated. 
What a messy place. 
 Took food to go so didn't have to eat in this environment. 
 always friendly and the kind of place that remembers your order from your previous visit. 
I ate in this place and the experience was really good. 
The place is located in a small shopping center so it has free parking. 
Great place to get PHO. 
 If your looking for a place with fresh ingredients. 
 I've told as many people as I can about this place. 
 How can you not like a place where you build you own pizza and they have everything that you could possibly want on a pizza. 
This place is by far the best new pizzeria in town. 
 pieology is the place. 
this is one of those build it yourself pizza places. 
Great place to grab sandwiches if you're not eating at a restaurant . 
 good sandwiches and good prices make this a great place for a quick lunch. 
Normal place to eat. 
 perfect place to go if you need something quick and good. 
This place is so close that you could grab a sandwich quick before going to Disneyland to take it in and enjoy or after you leave the park. 
Good place to get a sub and back to your hotel and eat or take it into disney. 
 Perfect place to eat when you don't want to eat a heavy meal. 
 this is a Great place to Eat Fresh. 
 Place was clean and the staff was nice and friendly. 
 this is the place . 
 this place deserves a mention because it's crazy busy and the service is still efficient and friendly. 
 There wasn't enough places for people to sit down. 
 so this is a good inexpensive place for the family to eat healthy. 
Great place to grab sandwiches if you're not eating at a restaurant . 
 good sandwiches and good prices make this a great place for a quick lunch. 
 have a place where we could conduct our business lunch. 
I ate at this place twice. 
 think its the best Thai food in Fullerton and surrounding areas. 
My husband and I found this restaurant when looking for a place to eat near our hotel. 
 so I approached the counter and placed. 
This was my family's first time to this ramen place. 
 That's an issue with some of the ramen places I've been to before. 
This is a small place near Cal State Fullerton. 
 This is the type of place that you would find in the small towns of Japan. 
 then you will really like this place. 
 This place. 
 I found them to be the most popular of ramen places in a 20 miles radius (even though there's only two others). 
I always pass by and thought it was just a pay up front place and when we walked in. 
The place is tiny. 
 Located next door to Pieology is this ramen place. 
 I can't say that this is the first place I'll think of for ramen. 
I have been looking for a good Ramen place since the one in San Diego closed. 
 I was told that it has been just six months this place was opened. 
Great place to eat when on-campus and looking for some variety
Literally the worst service I've ever gotten. I never post reviews and I had to for this place. Awful. 
Went here with a group of friends and saw that the place was good for groups . Very lively and nice atmosphere inside and friendly staff. The food was still sizzling when it came out and the fajitas we ordered were very tasty! All the ingredients were fresh and had great flavor. Would definitely recommend to anyone and will be back !
I always enjoy the white people spin on burritos. Everyone stared at me when I yelled I love this place. 
Delicious food, the best place to minus your hunger. Super fast service.
Awesome place to have Indian nourishment, particularly there yogurt curry (kadi in hindi). Administration is speedy and the staff is exceptionally affable.
You can dine and take out food...its a cafeteria type place so service is a bit faster......
If you like indian food, give this place a try. Affordable and authentic 
Great place to have Indian food, especially there yogurt curry (kadi in hindi). Service is quick and the staff is very courteous.
Best place in Fullerton for Indian food.
I love this place. They have a good rotation of excellent curries. Though I am not a vegetarian, I like to eat less meat when I can, and I like that they always have several vegetarian options to choose from here. My favorite is the cauliflower and potato curry, though their yogurt curry, eggplant, and veggie korma are all really good too. I did try the chicken curry once as well, and I liked it a lot - perfect amount of spice and a nice ratio of chicken to sauce. I'm not as fond of chicken tikka masala, which they almost always have on the steam table, so I haven't tried that one. Next time I'm in the mood for meat I'm trying the goat curry. I love goat curry, and theirs does look good.
Best KBBQ! Excellent service, and excellent food! Dinner AYCE is $23 but it's definitely worth it! Used to eat at Gen Korean BBQ but this one beats it. Definitely give this place a try, wait might be long though 
One of the best AYCE korean BBQ places.  Clean space, severs friendly and the meat is delicious!  This place can get a bit loud so don't expect to have quiet and sweet romantic moments.  This place is about stuffing your face with some darn good Korean BBQ!  Wait can be very long, but you can't blame them for being popular it just means the food is good.  They do give you a buzzer with a number so you can sit in the car or walk a max distance of 1 mile away (this is according to the severs I did not test it).  If it is your birthday let them know and be prepared to get embarrassed.
My new favorite AYCE KBBQ spot. We came at 6pm on a Thursday night, and the wait was about 35 minutes. By 6:30, the wait was about an hour. The service was the best I've ever received at a KBBQ restaurant. The servers were quick and friendly. I loved it! The server even brought out a kids tray for my son. So kid-friendly! The sides were all so good, and there were plenty of different sides. The meat was also some of the best that I've ever tried! I also enjoyed the small scoop of mint and chip ice cream at the end. It was the perfect way to end the meal. I'll be returning here often!The BEST KBBQ place around. Hands down. The food is delicious, they give you plenty of appetizers and don’t mind refilling them. When I asked for a lot of rice paper, guess what? They brought a ton of rice paper and kept me filled up  the whole time I was there. Most of the time, I didn’t even need to mention that I was running out and they would bring more.
There is usually a long wait for a table here. Sometimes over an hour depending on your party size, but it’s well worth the wait over any of the other Korean BBQ places in the Orange County area. And they somehow manage to do it while being an all you can eat place.
The problem I have with this place is the extremely loud, and very bright atmosphere. Kids screaming and running around wow... dangerous.
Quality of meat and service makes this Korean bbq a good time. Went with a party of six and we enjoyed almost every cut of meat from pork cheek to filet. Beer is good but they lose a star for surrounding us with tv's like this is a sports bar.
The meat selection is very good.  The quality of meat is excellent.  In addition the portion size is larger than other places.  The marinated meats are all excellent also.  Side dishes good too.  I really can't find a fault in the food.
The Best Korean BBQ in Fullerton. Good place for party.
This place is kinda ridiculously funny. Food is good. And the atmosphere is hilarious with tons of fun and activity and music going off to celebrate people's birthdays and clubby neon lighting. Food is good here, so the other stuff is just funny and entertaining 
This place is great for an ayce place. Came here around 830- 9 and had to wait til 10 before getting a spot.
One of the best kbbq places I've been to.
Great place, reminder call in ahead to see if there a lots of birthday party. Came on a day where there were 15 birthday. It took two hour to get in and seated 
This is the best Korean BBQ place i ve been so far.  Food was very fresh and meat was tender.  I will defintely come back again if i were in the area.Nice pizza place. Good food,  good beer. Definitely going back!
Love every aspect of this place....service, food and atmosphere. I am at Oggis Fullerton regularly and have never had a bad meal there. All of their menu is amazing. 
My wife and I love this place, good pizza, great beer, staff make us feel welcome...  would like to give 5 stars, but parking is a problem.
My personal favorite place to eat when on-campus, mostly because it takes almost no time for you to get your food.
Great environment to do work and food 
I will say though that this is a great place if you want to grab a coffee and just chill. Usually fairly quite. Good for chill morning meetings. 
Úsaaly these places are aceptable this location is dirty and has an awful putred smell that makes you want to throw up the bathrooms are filthy dining area  not attended plates on tables lack of obvious supervison and team effort to make this place the best it can be put your self in the place of the customer and you guys will find the answer
Place was fine but internet is slow as molasses.
Pretty chill spot, good food, can be a little pricey. Good place to sit and relax, quiet place to get work done .
I never really knew where Panera Bread fit into the scheme of things, but upon visiting one, I now know. The common thing that I saw here were students with textbooks and lounging senior citizens. I cannot say I am a fan of the place, but from the outside, it's certainly welcoming and clean. On the inside, there was plenty seating and friendly staff. Hot and iced coffee had free refills.
I like this place. Frendly and nice staff.
The pho is amazing... N1 pho combo! The tender is the best I've had. They have wine here!.. a gem in the wall i love this place. 
Overall expeirence there was ok. They have a very nice atmosphere and their service is very good. However I had the spring roll as an appetizer with noodle soup with rare beef, brisket and tendon. Compared to other places the soup was good however they give you very little tendon. The spring rolls had a very powerful taste and the sauce they had with it was not very tasty either. Above all else it was expensive for what you got compared to others. So for overall I would say that the service was really great and they had such a beautiful atmosphere however they do need improving on quality of food and the price 
Great place! This restaurant is really beautiful and calm inside. The staff is friendly and cheerful. The food is really fresh and yummy!
For appertizer, I ordered a dish of spring rolls.  It was very fresh and tasty!  For main dish, I had pho number 1 large bowl.  The soup was so good that I drank it all!  Unlike other pho places, the meat here is all fillet mignon and fresh. The Thai tea was excellent too.  The total price was reasonable.  I was filled up and totally satisfied.
I like to have a lot of toppings on my pizza so this place is heaven for me. 
great thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients. this place works like a subway or chipotle in that you choose your toppings as you walk down a line. good customer service, but there is a rush around dinner time so if youre planning on going during that time, it's smart to order online and pick up your pizza 
I love Pieology, especially this location. I've never had a bad experience here. The only thing that came close was the one time where the line was so long that it went around the restaurant and through the back exit door and I had to wait in line next to the ramen place next door, but that shows how good this place is. I like how you can have your pizza your way. The cinnamon dessert is also something that I highly recommend. The staff here are really courteous and helpful, the atmosphere is very chill, and parking isn't bad at all since it's in a shopping center parking lot. I definitely recommend this place. 
I like these places where everyone can get what they want. It satisfies picky eaters. And no one has to settle. Pieology is great because the toppings are unlimited. Everything was fresh, tasted great and was quickly served to our table. I love the variety of toppings and being able to get something different since it is all yours. No one would eat my all veggie pizza. 
The only complaint is the place is really loud. Chairs that scrape and squawk on a cement floor coupled with loud music and a interior with no noise reduction features, created a meal where you can't talk during the meal when it is busy. And it was busy. We pretty much hurried up and ate, which might be their goal. Get you in and out fast! 
Out of all the make your own pizza place restaurants that have spring up over the last few years, pieology is still my favorite. It doesn't have the most topping options, but the selection is still solid and the pizzas are consistently good. The crust here is also my favorite. My only complaint about this location is that it can sometimes get very loud inside. It makes it hard to hold a conversation. 
I love pieology but this place is just so packed all of the time...
Love this place!   I get what I ask for.  Staff is always friendly and ready to help. More cheese?  Just say when.  More olives? Is this enough.
Always love this place. I can customize my pizza. They also provide wheat for pizza which make my pizza more healthy. 
This place specializes in pizza and they do it really well. So don't go here thinking that their dessert menu is where their strength is at. 
$8 for an unlimited toppings pizza! Awesome value, good food, great customer service. We love this place! 
I came here out of curiosity at first, and now it's one of my more regular places to eat. The location and atmosphere is interesting and pleasant, the service is good, and of course the pizza is delicious. With plenty of choices and the ability to create your own pizza for a great price, this makes coming back to try different combinations utterly worth it. That being said, if there is one thing I'm not sold on, it's the way the pizza is given to the customer if you don't ask for a to-go box. The pizza is placed on a wooden peel after it is cooked (a wooden peel is basically a flat wooden board with tapered sides and a handle that's usually used to stick certain types of pizza into an oven) and the customer is given that to use as the plate.  While it does look rather stylish and is pretty unique, this truthfully just comes off as clunky at best and really awkward to carry at worst. Not only do you have to worry about potentially dropping it or mosquitoes from outside, but this also means the pizza itself is getting colder faster. Plus it also makes getting a drink if your alone much more difficult since you either have to worry about dropping it while getting a drink or leaving it back at your table where anyone could take it/touch it. It's never happened yet, but  weird things do happen. Maybe this is supposed to be environmentally friendly or something, but Needless to say, I always ask for a to-go box. Overall, a great place for quick and delicious pizza, with a rather odd and awkward bit that I'm not sold on.
Cool pizza place. You can get whatever toppings you want for $8.50. I tried the Herald pizza. It was very good. They have good variety of beer on tap.
I love the feel of his place. It is like you are in a early 1900's factory. The great thing is you don't have to worry about getting injured or something. It did smell pizza in there. 
I'm hoping that this place doesn't fall victim to the curse of this location because the pizza is amazing and the customer service is unbelievable! I'm not the biggest beer guy either, but damn they have some good beer and a huge selection
The Pizza Press is very similar to other thin crust build your own pizza places. However I like the cooking method used at the Pizza Press more than other restaurants. At The Pizza Press each pizza is put through a conveyor oven individually, this results in a less greasy pizza. 
My wife and I really like this place. There are very helpful with her gluten allergy, and the pizza is great. I love their beer selection! It is very eclectic, this is the place to find a rare beer on tap...or coldbrew.
This place is 24 hours which is great. Service can be a hit or miss depending on what time you go and who is helping you
Good place, I go there at least a few times a week. I like their soup too (i know, subway soup). They make subs good!
I go here almost every friday for the Tuna deal they have. Its the closest from my work and easy to deal with since you can order through the app. Most times ive picked up through the app there were things off about the sandwich (ill get extra ingredients or things are missing, the directions werent followed as closely etc). Today, Jasmine did my order, and it was a great sandwich. Her attention to detail was on spot and she even wrapped my sandwich twice without requesting (never even thought of that. I always have a problem with the juices leaking over time). In general this place is pretty good and their indoor facility is clean and usually quick when they are a little busy. I dont expect perfection with the app orders most times anyway but Jasmine really went above and beyond today. 
A good place.I definitely recommend this place. I love the spicy beef salad here! The cashew chicken, sweet and sour chicken are also good. love the lunch and dinner specials. Lots of good flavors in their good. Service is usually pretty good.Listen to the other reviews, don't go past a 7 in spiciness. 
Food is so good, place is clean great price
Nice place I've been to a few Thai restaurants and this one had a similar vibe and the feel. Decor uses lots of reds and the staff is nice.
I have been a client for over 10 years and have always enjoyed the food.  But lately their service has become poor.  Place the order on the phone and I got scolded for their own mistake.  Also, they have been not very welcoming when I go there with my 2 year who is well behaved.  Probably because I am a vegetarian.  I wish their service will improve.
It was an okay Thai place. Nothing to grand about it, but not terrible. If I was in the area again, I would eat there again.
I really like this place,Food is really Good, But Bad Service
Best Thai place in Fullerton
The food is very good especially the lunch specials. The prices are more than fair. I've tried other Thai places in the area and this is my favorite when I'm in the area.
I'm so happy we found this restaurant! The Thai place we used to go changed hands and went downhill. Everything we ordered at Thai Basil was delicious! Perfectly spiced and flavored. We've also ordered takeout with the same great results. We went to another local Thai restaurant and spent the meal saying how the food wasn't nearly as good as Thai Basil.
I recently went to famed Chomp restaurant, and the whole time was there I was thinking "Man I wish I was at Thai Basil right now" lol.  Great food match by there Great service.  Me and my girlfriend love eating at this place and always look for reasons to go.I love this place. It has good ramen and the service and prices are fair. Come in during lunch for lunch special. 
This place is always great. The broth is great and rich, the pork is tender, and the staff is super friendly. 
Probably the best Ramen place around. Super Dry Draft is the choice of beer here. 
Sensei approves.  Best place for a quick meal or awesome alcohol.
They have excellent food. This is my favorite ramen place.... i eat here regularly and have not been disappointed. 5/5 would reccomend to anyone... must stop by if youre in fullerton and looking for authentic Japanese food 
Comfort food! Ramen! So good! Small place and a lot of people go here, so waiting time can be 30mis or more before you get seated.  After finishing your food dont stay long because alot of people is waiting to take your seat. I go here late dinner time to avoid crowd. Most of the time i order for to go if there is a line and crowded.. yes they serve alcohol here!
Aka ramen with takoyaki!. Their spicy miso base is really good. This place does get crowded during school year for lunch as it's very close to CSU Fullerton; so be prepared to wait.
Went here with my girlfriend for lunch. We paid $25 for two and were both able to get a nice sized bowl of Shoyu with gyoza and pork fried rice on the side. My girlfriend did the social media challenge was able to get enough likes to get us a free side of noodles, which were greatly appreciated. This place is always crowded but we got lucky and sat at the bar. Service was was and we were in and out within 45 minutes. Definitely the best place for Ramen near CSUF.
Excellent service and excellent food. The Ramen reminds of the time I visited a Shop during a brief visit in Tokyo, Japan.  The Cha Ramen and the creamy, delicious broth continues to be one of my favorites.  I don't have a least favorite with this place as every thing I have eaten at What's Up Men is excellent. 
Good food and environment.  Upbeat atmosphere.  Ramen never disappoints.
The ramen is ok. I think their side dishes or appetizers are better. Place is open late since it's near cal state Fullerton university. The broth is good but not enough cha shu. They serve beer too.
 this place should close immediately what a terrible franchise to allow this to happen. 
 and kindly said she was sorry it took long and that for my patience she placed a bag or newly hot fries (small) for my troubles. 
Place is hot inside and dirty. 
 this place has no air-conditioning even though their rude manager. 
 if you're hungry and don't have a lot of time there are worse places you could stop for a bite. 
 this place can go from either jam-packed to half full. 
 this place gets it's good haul of customers. 
 one of the big ups about this place is how friendly everyone is. 
  It's not that this place is just that good. 
 There are a number of other places on campus for coffee lovers to get that cup of java and this Carl's Jr is one you should avoid. 
The most commonly ordered items are made in advance and placed under heat lamps. 
  I hate this place. 
This is the only place I've ever had trouble paying for something with my debit card. 
 there are better places a short walk around the corner. 
 The place is pretty clean for the most part and the price is obviously great. 
I only give 5 stars to places that blow me away. 
 Leaps and bounds better than the place in Orange. 
 This place usually hits the spot. 
 the place definitely fulfills my Chipotle cravings. 
felt like the little soufflé cups that you put ketchup in at most fastfood places. 
I only go here because it's the only nearest chipotle by CSUF and it's the only place that's considered healthy and it's fast. 
 The place is clean. 
Did I mention this place is like super stingy with their portions (not to be a fat***) . 
 But what can you expect? The food court at CSUF is absolutely terrible and this is one of the few places around that serves quality food. 
 surrounded by lots and lots of towels. 
 this place has flies flying around everywhere getting near the food and by far got the least amount of food here out of all the chipotles ive been to. 
My 3rd time coming to this place. 
 & I have never been SO upset and disappointed from leaving one of my GO-TO places. 
Don't understand some of the poor reviews since this place has a line to the door pretty much any time of the day. 
I don't come  often only cuz I can think of other places to spend less than $6 on Mex-style food. 
 I would never recommend this place to anyone anymore. 
 If you like to be treated well by the place you bring business to. 
 And when you go to a place that builds your meal like this in front of you. 
 One time I placed an online order and THEY EXCLUDED THE STEAK. 
 This place is a sloppy operations nightmare and needs to figure it out and get it together because this is just unacceptable. 
 I would have given this place a 4 stars for their food. 
 of this place. 
 I love places like this because you literally make your food how you want it done. 
 I was lucky enough to be at the right place at the right time as someone was backing up. 
I understand this place can constantly be crowded with CSUF students and all. 
 It's only been really slow once when someone was buying for her entire workplace or something (8+ items). 
 shall we?  I only count places with a drive-thru so Chipotle counts as a sit-down restaurant. 
 you can place your order online and cut the long lunch line. 
 I hate it when places close up their stuff and don't offer things just because they are near closing time. 
 every time I place an online order for this Chipotle there is always something wrong with the order. 
Anyway This place really is great. 
 they immediately place their orders. 
 The only thing that kind of sucks with this place is when a new person is working in the front and the new person takes twice as long as an experienced person. 
 Would recommend to at least try out the place. 
 place on my napkin. 
 this place can get pretty crowded with a line going almost out the door. 
This place is casual. 
This place is quick with good quality for its prices. 
 I went about 15 after I placed the order and it was ready. 
I love Indian food and we've eaten at like a dozen mom and pop places around OC. 
 And this place had delicious food. 
  the place is a bit tiny so it's not good for big groups
But if you are thinking about checking this place. 
 I'm old at heart and there are times when I too long for a clean and well lit place. 
 When that place also happens to serve bomb Indian inspired rice dishes at an amazing price point. 
 And a clean and well lit place like here is something anyone can appreciate. 
This is my go-to place for when I want to grab a quick order to go so I can rush home to continue my GoT binge-watch. 
 You don't see goat at most places like this and it's actually pretty decent. 
 I still think this place deserves 5 stars. 
This place is always packed at lunch. 
 A good sign are the number of South Asians that frequent the place . 
This is honestly one of my favorite places in Fullerton. 
 A guy in front of me wasn't ready and he said he was new to this place and I was like me too LOL. 
 my church has become a regular at this place and we'll definitely come back for our Sunday lunches . 
 and this place passes with flying colors. 
I think this place is excellent in value and great in terms of taste. 
 Environment: 3. 
I do recommend this place and I will definitely be coming back in the near future. 
 the place was reasonably busy with to go orders and I decided to eat there before class. 
 Ps: This is a tiny hole in the wall place. 
We were a little worried when we arrived because we thought it was a fast food place . 
We were very pleased with out experience and we left saying "we've found our Indian place. 
I definitely recommend this place with my eyes closed. 
 I would recommend this place for a fast Indian food craving. 
 I guess that's why this place has good rating. 
  This place is where people go so they can claim they are a fan of Indian food even though most dishes barely qualifies as such. 
 Give this place a try next time you're thinking about pita hot or in the area. 
Is Curry Hut's food as good as my other favorite place? Not quite. 
 I'm just happy that there is a place for me to go on Sunday's when I am craving some quick Indian. 
Like the Indian place out in LA by the college. 
I really loved this place and its 2 item special. 
 Some places skimp on this small side and I always feel like a fatty for ordering more. 
 it was cool to see how much the community embraced the place as a handful of people came in and he knew them by first name. 
I eat at this place at least once. 
The place needs a deep cleaning. 
I was super hesitant trying a fast food Indian place as the few "Indian" type foods that I've tried in the north OC area have been subpar. 
 Plus it's hard finding a Curry Indian place as supposed to Indian. 
Mediterranean wraps and kabob places. 
(for those pick item places) so for a 2 item plate and garlic naan (which I would highly suggest you upgrade to) you're around $10. 
 they don't recognize me or anything which is a bit frustrating since other take out places do. 
5 star place and people rave about how authentic the food tasted. 
So my reason to give this place a 3-star is that comparing to my experience having tried great Indian and Nepali food in the past. 
 this place is an ok place for a quick and friendly service. 
 since the other Indian places closer to my house either had really bad parking (Punjabi Tandoor) or had spotty reviews (Tandoori Garden). 
 both other places would be too expensive. 
 and this place is much cheaper. 
 so I'll get to why I'm bothering in the first place:
The portions at this place are pretty good for what you pay. 
Maybe I'm hyping this place too much. 
You should definitely try this place out if you both want Indian food and don't want to break the bank. 
 as other places can get pretty pricy. 
  Check this place out if you like Indian Food and don't mind the strong smell. 
Other items are not so spicy still good place to visit
 I would give it a three star because I know places better than this. 
 I didn't expect super fresh from a quick service place. 
Pieology - The place that sparked the do it your way pizza craze
Namastey India was a popular place in Buena Park next to a series of Korean businesses. 
 good place if you're looking for tasty indian food. 
The place is small - a little amount of seating with TV for Indian music video (so hilirious - Indian people have a queer taste in dance and music video). 
It's a quick service place - you pick whatever on the warmer. 
I eat the foods and judge the place by myself. 
The food is set up like Panda express or any takeout food place you know. 
 And the naan is thinner than other places that I've been to . 
Would I call it the best indian food place? Probably not. 
  Will definitely come back to this place. 
I will recommend this place for the combo items and the mango lassi. 
 Ceiling tiles are displaced and dusty. 
 this place is great to get a quick fix of Indian food. 
Clean your place Curry Hut. 
 I instantly got the vibe that this place is authentic. 
 playing indian music videos and the strong smell of curry reenforced the idea that I came to the right place. 
 this place is a little steep with the pricing . 
 my experience with this place was positive. 
Authentic indian food with fresh naan makes this a quality place. 
I was a fan of a place called Namastey India for the last couple of years. 
 I discovered this place through Yelp & would frequently invite friends & church gatherings (EXODUS3. 
  Everyone I brought to this place loved Namastey. 
 to my chagrin I found out that Tony sold the place. 
 I liked this place and will be back. 
All and all it's pretty good place. 
 this is a great take out place. 
This is what I mean by this place being just o-k. 
 this is one place where looks are definitely deceiving. 
Do yourself a favor and check this place out. 
Is this place cheap and convenient? Yes. 
 when you factor in the filth factor of this place. 
 there are so many better ways to decorate a place to make it look. 
Bottom line: this place is quickly becoming a regular spot for me. 
 If restaurant atmosphere is very important then this place won't work for you. 
The eating environment was like chilling at party USA. 
Be warned this place is NOT quite. 
 This place has become a go to for Korean bbq. 
My recommendation for this place is to try them during lunch. 
Service was so much better than other AYCE places I've been to. 
  This place is well worth the wait. 
-That is the main reason why I gave this place a 4 star instead of 5 because other than that I really like this place and the price is well worth the quality. 
 Overall I really recommend this place. 
This place is also a pretty awesome place to celebrate a birthday. 
 This place is great for groups. 
 I just have to go to this place again. 
 It was not a good place to talk to friends without having to shout. 
Others: Make note that there is a very long line for this place. 
 I won't mark down the place for this. 
 that just means this place is popular. 
 The place is busy. 
  If we have to flag down multiple servers to place an order for a soda. 
 Meat Quality: I would say my go to meat option for any KBBQ place is the beef brisket. 
 The standard to any good KBBQ place. 
 This place has amazing brisket. 
 This place has the best customer service of any KBBQ restaurant I've been to. 
Solid place for KBBQ in the OC area. 
Most Korean places I go to. 
 still do come around to check unlike most Asian places. 
Was craving kbbq and our previous favorite place was rebranded so decided to give this place a try due to their reviews. 
It's a little more expensive than other places I've been to . 
 I did not taste quality that was better than other places . 
 and I would overall recommend this place. 
This place gets packed ASAP. 
  This is not typical for all you can eat places. 
 this place is listed #27 on Yelp's Top 100 restaurants list for 2016. 
 So why do I love this place so much?
 I knew I was at the right place when the majority of the table was covered in food and you can't fit all of it in a picture haha. 
yelps-top-100-places-to-eat-in-the-us-for-2016-fast-track-to-a-food-coma
 BBQ the #1 KBBQ place in the United States of America. 
The thing that makes this place stand out the most is the service. 
Honestly I wasn't sure why a lot of people like this place. 
 Maybe it's because it's the only kbbq place in Fullerton?? Or it's very similar to Gen. 
 Maybe the reason why I didn't like this place was because their brisket was not that good. 
 But definitely not my go to place
 The servers come around pretty often to replace grills. 
 most of the things you have to ask for at many other KBBQ places). 
I can't say enough good things about this place - it's worth every penny and lives up to the hype. 
Service was good which you normally don't  expect from busy kbbq places. 
Probably the only decent place in Fullerton. 
This place is great and despite how crowded it was the wait wasn't too long and I'll likely be back if I'm ever in the area again. 
 this is the place to be. 
 better than a lot of other KBBQ places I've been to. 
 their bulgogi was perfectly marinated and not as sweet as other places. 
this place has no call bell like some of the other Corean places . 
 the only place i would hands down come for this. 
 misplaced orders a couple times. 
Tips: Overall I would not recommend this place. 
 I do like how they have so much choices on their menu that everything you would want on a kbbq place would be here. 
 and there's always a lot of people there cuz this place is just that great. 
There are many places for KBBQ on every corner nowadays. 
 With so many places to get your KBBQ fix. 
 This is one of the best places to embarrass your coworkers on their birthdays. 
The lasting impression? "There are many KBBQ places you can choose from in SoCal . 
 Some servers at other KBBQ places forget to bring dishes you requested for. 
 Brisket aka the most famous cut at an ayce bbq place was DRY. 
This place has thee most banchans ever. 
Definitely recommend this place. 
 Mr BBQ has found its place in Yelp's Top 100 places to eat in the U. 
 if any smaller groups are looking for a KBBQ place that seats people in the order that they arrive. 
 a place recently opened in Brea on Imperial Hwy. 
I just recently introduced this place to my boyfriend from Iowa and he can't wait to come back and eat here again. 
 this place is pretty spacious and has a hip vibe to it . 
 was lucky enough that the guy that replaced him fixed our bill and let us know about the happy hour. 
I enjoy going to this place. 
 I enjoyed this place. 
 there was no high quality meat here that would blow any other KBBQ place out of the water. 
 and the salad is a lot better than most KBBQ places because of the addition of carrots and daikon in it. 
 Would definitely recommend this place to everyone. 
 I can't imagine how bad weekends are for this place. 
 But that is probably because this place is amazing and a lot of people come here and take their time eating. 
 I highly recommend this place. 
Highly recommend this place and would def come again . 
 much more than other AYCE places I have to say. 
 The cuts of meat are actually pretty decent and high quality as compared to other places. 
 for the price of an AYCE place. 
 this place lives up to the hype. 
 I recommend other alternatives because this place is pricey. 
 this place is FUN. 
  My husband is planning on having his annual company party at this place he loved it so much. 
 I really like this place. 
This is a great place for birthdays. 
 I will definitely be recommending this place to my friends that come to visit. 
BEST BBQ PLACE IN SO CAL. 
Read some reviews on Yelp and I 'm glad I checked out this place. 
 I could totally see this place was poppin. 
 It does not compare to those other chain KBBQ places. 
The meat quality here is good compared to places like college-student-low-budget Red Castle or Cham Sut Gol. 
 Great place to bbq and beer. 
Service was dedicated waiters rather than the zone defense most ayce places employ. 
 There was also a BUNCH of oil splatter from the grill to the point where the surrounding surface had a layer of grease by the end of it all. 
Really wanted to like this place because of all the positive reviews. 
 It sucks cause we definitely don't have a place half as good as Mr. 
 Then the workers surround the table with horns and lights. 
 this place definitely deserves it. 
For the price this place is a real bargain. 
 This place deserves to be on Yelp's Top 100. 
I have been to numbers of KBBQ places in the OC. 
 and this place tops all of them. 
This place apparently only has tables of 6. 
I liked this place and would love to come back. 
 You will need to wait to be seated this place is popular. 
 especially at an all you can eat place. 
 where can i start with this place? walking in. 
 it definitely reminds me of Gen or other kbbq places that can sorta look like a nightclub. 
I hate how most authentic kbbq places only serve korean beers. 
 BBQ is #27 of the top 100 places to eat in US by Yelp. 
It is a little pricier than other places. 
 They have pretty much the same items as every other AYCE place. 
I think this place is worth the wait. 
Premium Beef Belly: first time having beef belly at a kbbq place. 
 better than most places I've been to in orange county. 
The environment was really fun as well. 
** In note of parking: the place only has valet parking. 
I wouldn't say that there's anything too outstanding about this place. 
 compared to some lower-priced priced places. 
 this place definitely has better meat quality. 
If there was anything to complain about for this place is the wait time. 
 it's no wonder why this place had an hour and ten minute wait. 
  I couldn't tell you if this place is not busy. 
We will definitely be back at this place when we are back in town. 
 overall the meats ranged from okay to pretty darned good for this type of place. 
 The other place we went just gave us the scissors. 
Overall great place and worth to keep going as your go to kbbq place
 This goes above and beyond any expectations I've ever had for this place and he singlehandedly is the reason why I'm coming back to this place and asking for him specifically every time. 
place is over hyped. 
It is definitely a cool place to go celebrate one's birthday with a large group. 
 with the high price comes high quality meat and a good environment. 
The place is always busy. 
 Definitely give this place a try. 
I will definitely be coming to this place a lot more now. 
 I mean overall this place really can't be beat even though the wait was about an hour on a Sunday night. 
This restaurant is a little bit pricier than most of the K-town AYCE KBBQ places with the lowest tier of their dinner menu being priced at $22. 
 and the meat is better than other places. 
 like 99% of KBBQ places. 
 I'd recommend this place. 
  The brisket was super juicy and has very limited fat which means this place rules. 
  The place is clean. 
 and the food was pretty good (on the same level as other KBBQ places). 
 Great place to eat Korean BBQ. 
 This place is worth your price and definitely the best KBBQ in my book. 
This place has. 
 the best service that I've ever recieved at any kbbq place. 
 which I never do at any other kbbq place. 
I love this place and will definitely be back for the fine service and delicious food. 
 I'm sorry to say that the quality of the meat at Mr BBQ isn't much better than other places that charge a lot less money. 
 The food was whatever taste like any other Korean bbq place. 
 Their meat doesn't have that frozen texture that you might get from other kbbq places. 
 The quality of their meat here just tastes a lot better than a lot of places I've been to. 
 This place is no joke. 
 She kindly greeted us as we placed our name on the wait list. 
 Christine never once got mad or irate for every time we placed an order or have a request. 
 this place is great. 
 very great place for family dinners. 
I suggest everyone come and check this place out. 
Environment: Club-like. 
colorful lights and family friendly environment. 
 it's more colorful and fun than most AYCE KBBQ places. 
 It's a fun place. 
Overall: Chill place. 
 the place was not as packed is it usually is. 
 this place was busy and we did not once feel like we were ignored and that's a huge plus. 
 I recommended this place to anyone in the area or willing to make the drive it is a little pricier than the premium KBBQ spots in K-town . 
If you were to do a blind taste test with the meat here and from another KBBQ place. 
 That's about all that was premium at this place. 
 Once our orders was placed. 
 that's expected at most kbbq places anyways. 
 BBQ is a cool place to eat if you in the Fullerton area . 
 This place also have complimentary ice cream if you still have room for dessert. 
This place has got to be my new all time favorite ayce Kbbq. 
The place is VERY noisy inside. 
 the place is crazy busy. 
  Its also a fun environment. 
This place by a long shot is my #1 place for ACYE kBBQ. 
 The service is really good here compared to many other places. 
 I don't mind it personally because this place can get packed and the parking lot is very limited. 
 Nice environment. 
 The overall atmosphere of this place is trendy & very hip and suiting for college students. 
 they had a sign posted up stating that they are ranked #27 in the US top places to eat for 2016. 
If this place is so good. 
 Pricing in comparison to other KBBQ places are a little more. 
 Good place to kill time & have a few drinks. 
 one of my top places to come eat. 
I visited with a good friend who read about this place on Yelp. 
 then this is the right place for you. 
There's definitely better places to eat . 
I'd give the place 5 stars. 
 Any place near a college is pricier. 
 while waiting I was checking out the place. 
   I'm sure this place is packed with college students on weekends since it's right at it's the steer from CSUF. 
As we walked in the place was busy as the Women's World Cup was about to come on. 
 all the other surrounding booths filled in the televisions were all changed to the upcoming soccer game. 
 I had looked down at my watch and realized we had been here for over 15 minutes without so much as an acknowledgment from a server let alone a drink order being placed. 
 and the place wasn't very busy (yet). 
 not too bad for a college place. 
  This is also one of the few places that offer all the MLB games on their 40 TV's. 
I would encourage everyone to try this place out. 
 They have plenty of natural lighting which helped the place to not look like a bar. 
  The booths and tables and surrounding woodwork went well together giving the place a sleek contemporary look. 
  This place is new and they seem to be working out the kinks just fine. 
  What I really appreciated was that the place split up the work. 
 none of these weird adjuncts that some places get carried away with (Yes. 
 I am looking down the road to you Placentia). 
 we didn't have any food in our new place because we just moved in. 
 we're on the search for our go-to pizza place. 
 so this place may have to be kicked out of our list. 
  Their original place in Orange was great. 
Not sure why this place only has 3 stars. 
  In the last 2 months we've been here 6 times and each time we always invite more friends to introduce them to this place. 
Haven't had a bad experience so I recommend to give this place a shot and try out their pizzas and burgers. 
 when I saw this place only had 3 stars. 
Great place to come for a brew. 
The place smelled like a construction site: odors of building materials. 
 Needless to say we left embarrassed that we suggested that place. 
 that is the only reason I don't rate this place one star. 
This place is really close to where my boyfriend lives. 
 The place was full at 6pm - they have a very good Happy Hour that ends at 7pm Monday through Friday. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
This place clearly exists for the sports and college students. 
This place blows Bj's out the water. 
 Plenty of other pizza and wings places. 
 They also have a beer reputation and it's a great environment for sports fans. 
My husband is a craft beer enthusiast and this place boasts a nice. 
Ps: as much as I love this place. 
I placed an online order at 12:45pm and was told my order would be ready at 1:00pm. 
The place gets very busy and under staffed so it's not kept clean. 
  Not a well run place. 
 this place went out of their way to make me absolutely miserable. 
This place should be avoided at all costs. 
  Reappears after 10 minutes and tells the hardest worker in the place Maria to go clean the dining area. 
  Why can't all places take this same approach to customer service?
 Today is Sunday and this place is ridiculously packed . 
 give this place a try. 
  All in all it was a successful trip to a chain fast food place. 
  I always get a sample of the walnut shrimp =) They are not stingy with the servings and the place is kept clean. 
 unless you offer me a fresh serving of Beiing Beef - what I wanted in the first place. 
 It seems to be a popular place for the Fullerton college kids to hang out too. 
 We placed our order and sat down to wait for our food to come. 
 Even upon replacement. 
 No one wants to eat at a dirty place and while your pastries and food selections may be good. 
- I wasted my entire lunch at this place waiting on my order. 
 They couldn't get someone out to fix the internet in that time? A place like Panera? That's ridiculous. 
 I want a place that cares about making things right. 
 every time I go to this location in comparison to the Costa Mesa or Huntington Beach. 
     The place was disheveled and the staff were all college kids standing around talking in a group of 4 with their regular clothes on and one of them wearing their back pack. 
And I love to see the CSUF students filling up the place. 
 they were wondering where my physical order was placed. 
 which is a little high in my opinion when it's not really a sit down dinner kind of place. 
 this place isn't hit-or-miss at all for me for the past few months. 
Kind of regret putting quite a bit of money into this place now. 
 friendly employees at this place. 
 and I smile brightly at them as I place my order. 
 Most places will notice when the coffee is out and be able to fill it up fast. 
 That's when I know a place is lacking. 
 I think the bread at the Huntington Beach location just tastes better. 
 the place is teeming with college students. 
 I'm sure Plug Hunt was a clue to how crowded this place gets. 
 But I did partially choose Panera over other places because of wi-fi access. 
This place is right by my school. 
 and she kindly informed me that they have a nice fireplace in the middle of their dining area. 
 this place is pretty clean and speedy. 
 knowing how this place deceives people it could just be an optical illusion) which is nice. 
I understand the appeal this place has for some people. 
  Why is place always so crowded?  Free wifi?
Rude corporate lady: Where is (insert some place)?
 good place to study. 
  Using my laptop here was half the reason I chose to dine here in the first place. 
 this place looks like a Corner Bakery with similar offerings. 
Free wifi & a nice cafe interior makes this place an easy choice for chillen casually. 
 this is a good place to come. 
I enjoy this enviroment and it's near school so makes it all the better. 
The place is pretty good. 
 The place does feel a lot like Corner Bakery. 
Panera is a delicious place to get your study on. 
They also have a really nice fireplace that splits the two areas in the dining room. 
It's a great place to catch up with friends and Starbucks and Yogurtland are right across the street if you need something different. 
 which makes this place great for studying all day. 
 this is the perfect place because you can have breakfast. 
Panera bread is the perfect place to do lunch with a friend to just catch up or study up for a quiz while pigging out on some tasty delectable goods whether it be salty or sweet. 
 the girl who brought me my bagel just placed it in front of the coffee dispensers and said. 
I was surprised to see how packed this place gets. 
 Just a nice place to come and relax if you need to study. 
I highly recommend this place to study. 
 or a pastry to get you started in the morning it is a great place to eat for any occasion. 
 The atmosphere is probably a little quieter than most places which is perfect for catching up with someone and being able to talk without being overwhelmed by other sounds. 
The place is spacious and has lots of tables. 
 this place isn't exactly a formal eating environment. 
 this place is pretty hip looking. 
This is my first review of the place and I will say I enjoyed my self rather much. 
I can never figure out why the place is so busy at every hour of every day. 
  Why is the fireplace ALWAYS on in there?. 
This place is ALWAYS packed with people who are eating or studying. 
Also a great study place. 
 It's easily accessible to multiple schools and is a great place to do homework. 
This place has terrible customer service. 
 this place just did not tickle my tummy in all the right places and definitely didn't seduce my tastebuds. 
  It's next to a Thai place at the corner. 
 Most places give 5 to 6 slices in a bowl. 
If you're in the area for lunch and looking for some pho I would recommend this place. 
 The soup is served hot unlike other pho places I've been to. 
Plenty of other places to go in the area. 
 My boyfriend and I love this since ordering a side of egg rolls or spring rolls is usually around $4 most places. 
 It's not super salty like most places. 
 Pho Olivia is the place to go. 
  It is a good place to take friends and family. 
 this place can easily be a replacement for the Brea. 
 this is your go-to place. 
 even though I insisted I just didn't want it and didn't want it replaced since I lost my appetite. 
 especially considering my girlfriend loves Pho and theres not many good places around here for Pho. 
 I will definitely not be coming back to this place. 
 the place is small. 
 easy place to visit on a casual evening. 
 this pho place is a little more pricier than most places. 
Their pho tai chin is my usual at this place and all pho places. 
 Since there are so many other pho places in the area idk if I will be going back. 
 and this place was perfect. 
I always felt that this place is overpriced . 
the reason why I am giving 2 stars and never going back to this place again is they charged plates for onions I requested. 
 price is already expensive than other places and now they starting to charge onions. 
  (normally other places won't charge onions and their pho usually runs 6~7 dollars. 
This place average food price is $9~$10. 
My bf ordered the BBQ pork rice under my recommendation cause no place that claims to be vietnamese can mess up that grilled pork with the tasty fish sauce drizzle. 
Pho Olivia's ratings on yelp is better than pretty much all the other places so they're doing something right. 
The place was a little warm when we walked in . 
Anyway this place did an amazing job to cure my hangover and also created a great eating experience with quality food. 
I wish this place was closer to me since I live in irvine. 
 I rarely ever find myself hungover near Fullerton so I have not had my chance to trek back to this place. 
But I am definitely planning on dragging some friends with me so I can experience this place for the 2nd time. 
 I am making my trip out to this place whenever I get a chance :) So I just added another star to make it 5 starssss. 
 SO if youre gonna check this place out. 
 Some of the surrounding restaurants in Fullerton can be so depressing lol. 
 I'm usually exceptionally thirsty after I eat any pho place. 
Give this place a try. 
 When I brought up the multiple issues surrounding our experience all she could offer were apologies. 
 and the explanation of people wanting a relaxing environment and enjoy dinner. 
 Do not go to this place if you are expecting a fast (normal) served pho restaurant because that is not what you will receive. 
 You receive a friendlier environment at any other food restaurant. 
The place looks very nice and the people that work here are very polite and offer a great service. 
 there is one thing that make me rate this nice place with one star and it's the flavor of the pho it's just works than an instant Maruchan soup. 
 For the price I paid here I could go to Pho 45 at Garden Grove (excellent place) and eat twice and with a real pho taste. 
Guys you got a nice place here just find better cooks. 
Atmosphere was odd for a pho place. 
 very Americanized place that serves decent Pho . 
My one gripe about this place though is the fact that they play Adele - over and over and over and over again. 
 I always feel I pay too much and get too little food at this place and their sister restaurant. 
The place is very nicely decorated and the servers are nice and friendly. 
The waiter placed the water on the table and I immediately took a large gulp--and the water was super salty. 
 This place is about 10 mins from our spot so we are glad that we can go here than heading to our other fave spot. 
 For a place that has Pho in their name. 
 Meat was slightly thicker than other pho places I've been to. 
 It was missing a certain flavor that other pho places had. 
It's an average pho place. 
 as I thought the large which costs more than other places wasn't that big and I wasn't fully satisfied. 
No wonder why this place is always empty with only a few customers at a time. 
 though my boyfriend was really excited about the fact that they had a few more kinds of pho than most places. 
  Most other places. 
 I should only rate this place for the food. 
The price was almost $1 more than many places in Little Saigon. 
 I will pass this place next time when I am in the area. 
 The place is clean. 
 I've had pho enough times to know that this place was overpriced and underflavored. 
 I've never seen a pho place charge that much. 
 I don't think very many places serve that special dish. 
 Fullerton's got a awesome Pho place in the area. 
 Perfect place to go when you had a night of partying. 
 probably the best place for Pho in Fullerton. 
I'm gonna take you to a place where I know you're gonna like
And she pulls up to this place that's Vietnamese. 
We enter this place. 
 I don't think you'll find a place around here that will give you better quality for such a reasonable price. 
 love this place. 
I ordered a small pho with rare beef and it was absolutely delicious :) This place certainly satisfied my craving. 
 I'll for sure be coming back to this place next time I crave pho while at school. 
 At first glance the bowl is rather small comparatively to other pho places especially for a large" . 
Its not bad for being one of the only Pho places in Fullerton BUT I think I might just wait till I'm back down in Garden Grove for some real Pho :)
My friends & I frequent this place a lot for it's good food and friendly. 
This place is like a magic door that takes you from the ghetto plaza that it's in (. 
 besides being a pleasant environment to dine in. 
  So if you guys can recommend a good "dirty" Pho place. 
the place was neat and clean too. 
  i've been to my share of pho places where the environment made me question whether i should be eating there. 
  It's not like the place was empty. 
" because the only person working in the place at that time had his headphones on. 
 and this place is just very average. 
   I always have the pho soup whenever I go to Vietnamese places. 
 so guess what I had at this place?. 
 even large was much smaller than other pho places (It's a good thing I ordered large. 
never had to do that at any pho places before. 
  What is up with this place??
  With all these pho places in the area. 
 I will definitely NOT go back to this place even for free. 
 I do not trust this place anymore. 
 I'm just going to have to find another place to go to now. 
Love love love this place. 
Of note compared to other places around here. 
  Expect to pay 1-2$ more than the other pho places in Fullerton which means like 4-5$ more than in Westminister. 
 be prepared to pay a little more than the other places. 
I would recommend this place for their rice plates. 
Wasn't expecting much from service since Pho places aren't known for greeeeat service you know? . 
Won't be coming back here or ever recommending this place everrrr again. 
  It doesn't taste overly salty like other places. 
 their prices are higher than other Pho places. 
 I can recommend this place for a fine dining experience. 
This place is really good. 
 and got a look around the place. 
Overall I really like this place so far. 
 The place was pretty busy and there was basically only about two people serving the entire restaurant while I'm sure the rest of the crew were in the kitchen making all the orders. 
 There was even one occasion where one customer was nagging one of the employees about her order despite the fact that the place was pretty busy. 
 that's because normally when I go out for food I go to where my friends are which is other parts of Fullerton and the surrounding cities. 
 and other pho places). 
 Most of the vietnamese places I've been to is the 6 dollar range. 
Service like all Pho places was fast. 
  Will probably opt for a dirtier place for better food next time. 
) very different from the "average" pho place with yellow lights and plastic cups. 
10 Only a dollar more expensive than most pho places (my large pho tai chin was only about $7. 
49) which makes this place seem so cheap when you take into account everything else. 
 And their large is indeed a large same size as most pho places. 
 I felt compelled because this place is so good. 
 moved to Long Beach and tried another place once (which didn't even compare) in the 4 months I was there. 
 I have friends who have said repeatedly how much they love this place. 
 come to visit and of all the yummy places to eat. 
 Bottom line (if you didn't get it from my previous paragraphs) THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. 
 An all around great place to have a meal. 
I'm open to suggestions of "better" places. 
 pho places don't normally look this nice. 
 figure to try this place because it was so close. 
 a thirty minute drive to this place for a delicious bowl of pho once or twice a week is truly worth the drive. 
 I did enjoy this place. 
 This place took about 45 minutes and there was no one else besides my friend and I at this point. 
 it's a good local place with good food and the restaurant was clean. 
 I compare this to other pho places I've been. 
 and the decor of the place was really nice. 
The place was clean and modern - Very unassuming from the outside. 
 There are plenty of 50% off Pho places that have the same broth that I can get so NO I'm sorry this was utter fail. 
 until I get confirmation I'll stick to making it at home or going to a 50% off place if I'm in a pinch. 
 most places still use beef broth even if you order it "vegetarian"). 
 I love this place & will definitely keep coming back. 
 I sure do love a place with good service. 
 This is my new Pho place and I will be going frequently. 
I expected more from a Pho place. 
 this is the worst Vietnamese place I have ever been. 
 (I am viet and I been to many places ) But this eh. 
 my experienced friends even agree its one of the best Pho places around. 
and this place is REALLY GOOD. 
It's definitely comparable to a lot of pho places out in Westminster. 
  Most of the pho places I've been to seem to have thin. 
The pho here was about $1 more than many of the places I've been. 
 I'd pay the extra buck just for the sheer ambiance of this place. 
 You're noodles are placed in a bowl. 
 And it's the cutest cleanest pho place i've ever been. 
 Everything was $1-3 more than pho places in Garden Grove. 
 or even at other pho places that popped up around here recently (Pho Ellie. 
 No wonder this place has less and less people every time we come here. 
 sausage  and all the topping tasted really good way better quality than other pizza places . 
  This is a great all around pizza place I will be back to try more . 
 then sit down type of place. 
 the decor was nice and the place was spacious enough where we could just hang. 
 Pieology is definitely a favorite place to eat. 
 The place was pretty clean with plenty of seating inside. 
I like this place a loooooooot. 
There aren't any other pizza places too close by so this is a good location for something that is delicious and inexpensive. 
Also the place has terrible acoustics. 
 sound is bouncing all over this place. 
The only complaint is the place is really loud. 
Good food - loud place. 
Great place for a quick custom pizza. 
 All in all a great place to eat. 
 and what competing places couldn't replicate. 
 Everyone is pretty nice and the place is pretty clean. 
 It's a great place to eat. 
Of all the "DIY" pizza places I have been to--including Social Life Pizza. 
 making the crust soggy--whereas we've had soggier pizzas at some of the other places. 
I absolutely love this place. 
They moved pretty fast for a place where every pizza is made exactly to order. 
So the concept of this place is just like Chipotle or Subway. 
 its kind of like the Chipotle style Pizza place. 
A better place to go is The Pizza Press just a few blocks away
 Have been coming back to this place and will continue to in the future. 
- the taste of the food is better than other places I've been
 I prefer this place a little more. 
I've tried similar places to pieology and I still believe that this place wins. 
 I thought it was just another pizza place. 
 Like what is so special about this place? Why the long line all the time? What in the heck are they putting in that dough. 
Now I would rate this place more like 4. 
 this place is great. 
 Just expect this pizza place to be booming everywhere and if I had the money. 
 and we didn't have trouble finding a place to seat either. 
I was so anxious to try the place out. 
  Anyone who loves having the ability to customize their food will fall in love with this place. 
  If you are a fan of thick crust pizza then this may not be the place for you . 
) the place continues to grow in popularity which is nice to see as they are still my favorite of the bunch. 
  A definite 5 star place in my opinion if there ever were one. 
Thanks to all the fabulous reviews on Yelp for this place. 
 do NOT put this place on top of your list. 
I would recommend this place and I'll definitely come back. 
Great place. 
Well I don't know what else needs to be said about this place other than it is awesome. 
I still trip out how this place lets me pile on the ingredients. 
This is definitely going to be one of my go to lunch places in the area. 
 clean up the damn place. 
 and you can't deny the success of pieology when other pizza places copy it's formula. 
 I actually enjoyed this place before. 
This place was absolutely perfect for me and my man. 
 it strikes me as odd that a place that makes pizzas to order would serve prepackaged side salads. 
 If you have special diet needs then this is the place for you. 
  If you are looking for a health conscious pizza then I guess this is your place. 
 I can see how this place is golden after eating top ramen all week. 
 I think this is who this place is for. 
But if you are looking for a pizza tasting pizza then I would recommend going to a traditional pizza place to avoid the disappointment. 
 There are too many other rocking pizza places nearby to come back here. 
 this is a pizza place? Ohhhh ok. 
I would recommend trying this place at least once to see what you think. 
This place is only 10 mins away from me. 
  This place is just too busy sometimes. 
  I would've given this place 4 stars BUT the staff really did make this a 5 star place. 
 I give this place a 5. 
What makes this different from your regular old pizza place is the fact that you can create your own pizza for a flat price. 
 there was some downfall to this place. 
I like to call Pieology a fun pizza place:
 this has happened at other places. 
 I guess this place is only as good as your pizza customizing skills. 
 I love this place. 
 so it's not really a place to go with folks to grab a pie and watch a game. 
 just like this place which kind of re-invents a very old food concept. 
 I had a "Roman" pizza at a tiny place around the corner from the Vatican. 
  The place was packed at noon on a Mon. 
  This place is about a 15 min drive from work and well worth it. 
I love this place. 
 this place rocks. 
This is not a gourmet pizza place. 
  The idea is catching on with other places like Blaze Pizza at the UTC at UCI. 
If you havent tried this place. 
My sis-in-law and her family love this place so when we were visiting Fullerton. 
When my friend told me about this place. 
Seating might be a little problem because this place can get pretty busy. 
 this place is worth a try as its uniqueness. 
 if you need your quiet time during a romantic dinner this is NOT the place for you. 
Drinks: The good thing about these type of places is that the food can taste good or bad. 
 Another place added to my list of awesome places to eat at while in Brea. 
  Try out this place if you like pizza and unique eats. 
Of course the thing that lured me into this place was garlic. 
Environment: 
What I like about this place is if you get bored you can always try new stuff by making crazy combinations of pizzas. 
I feel like people who are under "certain influences" (lol) *wink wink* will  dig like this place 'cause they can put EVERYTHING on their pizza and BLOW THEIR MIND AWAY at the concept. 
 the place can get packed around lunch time. 
It was still a very good pizza and better than most other places. 
The place is clean. 
 I love this place. 
i was super excited to try this place out
I don't know if it was the toppings that I picked or my unusual high hope for this place . 
 it would be a waste to pass up this place. 
I'm always craving pizza and what's better than a place where you choose your own toppings. 
?  This place feels and looks a lot like Chipotle and not in a bad way. 
  It's kind of a loud environment and seating is very limited so it's probably better for smaller groups. 
 if you're curious and you like to try different toppings -- please check this place out. 
 you can't really find better place than this. 
 that seems commonplace nowadays. 
Clean place. 
I really like this place. 
 clean place to eat . 
Definitely my go-to pizza place. 
 and coming from a place like this. 
One caveat: This place doesn't have the best acoustics. 
 yup this is the place to go. 
  I usually hate pizza places because I hate waiting 20-30 min. 
It can get a bit loud inside the place if you're eating in because of the metal chairs. 
echo-ey environment. 
 This place was very loud and full of screaming kids. 
I love this place - it's so innovative. 
Definitely will be  frequenting this place since it's such a good deal. 
 this place is just like a Chipotle for pizza. 
The place was packed . 
I used the 10% off yelp deal when I checked into this place as long as I bought a drink so it was all good. 
Only bad thing is the parking since there's a buncha other places here. 
 Definitely worth coming here to try this awesome place. 
Once you place your order. 
 Maybe that's why places like Subway. 
Realized i've been to a place similar (PizzaRev) and found out this was the original quick order pizza joint. 
By Chipotle of pizza places. 
 and toppings to place on a pre-made. 
 The place is clean and neat. 
 this is the place. 
I'm so happy to have finally tried this place. 
The place was super packed and I thought I'd never get my food. 
 I am DEFINITELY going to be coming back to this place soon. 
 This place has a doctorate in making pie. 
~5 Star Service: This place has "Sam the Man. 
another reason the OC is the best place to live. 
 this place is pretty good. 
  Ill continue to patron this place over and over. 
This is not a place for date night. 
 however: How is it possible to have a pizza place and not have beer?  It just seems wrong to me. 
 Highly recommend this place. 
 We like blaze and pieology so we thought we give this place a try. 
 Pizza Press places their pizza in a conveyor belt oven rather than the usual stone fire oven other pizza places offer. 
 here is the place. 
  None of the other Build Your Own Pizza places have a draft IPA Selection like they do. 
 I would not go out of my way for this place. 
 I typically think the chicken is too dry as a topping at most build-your-own pizza places. 
 Each time I placed my hand the bottom of the pizza slice I didn't get grease all over. 
My first impression when I walked in was that the place was small. 
 I've come to learn that the quality of these build your own pizza places are very subjective. 
  I can see that this place probably gets pretty busy during the school year. 
This place is located in small plaza with which which. 
 They place your pizza in this oven. 
 Plenty of seats even for a small place. 
 This place also opens late and sells beer. 
It's kind of interesting that this particular pizza place chose not to use a pizza oven. 
Considering you only go to a particular pizza place for their crust. 
 then I would have to say that this place. 
The pizza process is similar to places like Blaze or Pieology: pick a premade pizza or "publish your own. 
 I liked the crust here  because it came out golden brown and not overly charred like other places. 
 part of the problem was because the place was so loud. 
 I think this place would do great for the quick bite crowd for the CSU Fullerton crowd. 
 I'm actually a vegetarian as of the recent few months and this place still delivers with an unrivaled high quality cheeses and veggies. 
 I dare you to find another place this late that rivals them in quality and freshness. 
 I posted pictures of the most recent draft list and I always appreciate a place that offers good beer to complement pizza. 
# Another fast casual pizza place. 
 I'd seek out a different fast casual pizza place if I had other choices (which I do). 
 this and the unlimited topping pizza place at Bella Terra are my two favorites when it comes to this style of being served. 
Very good pizza for a place that is competing with several pizza chains in the area. 
 Place closes at midnight which is nice for the college students who study late. 
There isn't much downside really to this place. 
Loved the ambience of the place. 
Couple things that I disliked about the place: 
 Other places use ceramic ovens and each pizza has its individual amount of time to be cooked. 
What makes this place so good is that it is so fresh and you can taste the quality. 
The place looks good. 
 Nice design and a comfortable environment for everyone. 
I see this place getting more popular and just to handle a larger crowd. 
But how this place beats out Pieology and Blaze is is the cheese is put on better and tastes better. 
 The cheese isn't just thrown on like other places . 
 the cheese here is more compact and well places so it doesn't fall off. 
Plus their crust here is better than other places. 
 I'd definitely come here before some of the other "subway-pizza" places only because their craft beer list looked on point
 he carefully peeled the already tiny bits of layers and slowly placed the even more tiny pieces on my pizza. 
 then you will love this place. 
 i really have no lingering feeling to return to this place. 
 you are greeted with probably one of the most upscale environments that I have ever seen in a "fast casual" establishment. 
The Pizza Press is affordable for a place with such a hipster vibe -- $8 for a single pizza. 
 The place also serves those craft beers that everyone keeps talking about and some cool sodas. 
It's a nice place to chill and get buzzed with a couple of friends. 
 This place deserves all the stars Yelp can give them. 
 I'll stick to other pizza places around Fullerton. 
 This place is definitely not for the lactose intolerant. 
 I love the interior design of this place too. 
 this place definitely worth the try. 
 quality ingredients in their food which definitely stands out against places like Blaze Pizza and Pizza Studio. 
It's a great place for vegetarians or picky eaters because you can easily customize your pizza AND you're watching them do it. 
I would recommend this place to everyone. 
 The actual toppings didn't seem all that different from other similar places. 
I didn't see this place any different from other competitors. 
 they have a lot more toppings and sauce options that other places don't have (corn. 
 which other build your own pizza places struggle with. 
When all ingredients were in place I asked for the Sweet Onion sauce and for a little on each half of the sandwich. 
It's an ok place. 
 not enough for me to write off the place though. 
  I have more horror stories from this place . 
 this place is amazing. 
The real star of this place is the soda machine. 
  The brown rice I got with the curry was awesome because it was actually the dark brown rice with the nutty flavor instead of the kinda brown rice that most places have. 
A solid Thai place. 
Hubby and I have been coming to this place on-and-off for a good 5 or 6 years. 
 The rice is really good because it's not overly sweet nor is it too yellow like other places make it. 
 It's not super sweet either like some other places. 
I've been coming here for over 10 years and I definitely encourage everyone to try this place at least once. 
So this place is a hunger savor. 
 Warm colors surround the rooms and cloth napkins. 
 You KNOW a place is classy if they have cloth napkins. 
 this place is where you would go if it was just there. 
It's too bad because I would have given this place 5 stars if the waitress was nice. 
But overall a great little place. 
All of the times I have eaten at this location was because I came here because of a good friend who loves this place. 
 I suppose I'll keep on coming back to this place so as long as my friend and her husband continues to enjoy this place as well. 
Anyway nice place with an extensive menu. 
This place is just an authentic Thai restaurant the foods amazing I always come here for the pad Thai or any of the noodle dishes and if I want it spicy hot. 
Overall it's a good place for some real good Thai food
As far as ambiance goes this place has more charm than Thailandia. 
 this place gets PACKED on weekends. 
The ambiance is nice and they definitely kept the place modern and clean. 
 So far we have been there twice and each time the place is packed. 
One thing about this place. 
 This place is really busy during dinner and unfortunately it's around that time that service starts to slack a little. 
I'm impressed with how good the service is considering how busy this place gets around dinner. 
 I love this place. 
 definitely one of my favorite places to eat in the OC. 
 I am thankful to have a place such as Thai Basil so close to my home. 
 I like that they actually have a number of Thai servers unlike some places. 
 The service is definitely a big reason on why this place is as good as it is IMHO. 
The service is quick and the place is very clean. 
 This place is officially on my Yelp banned list - run away. 
 so if you're looking for an average Thai place for a quick meal. 
 this is the place for you. 
The place is ok. 
 I used to love this place. 
The place wasn't too packed. 
 Considering the ubiquity of Thai places. 
 and tender likewise in the right places. 
This little gem is the best Thai place in Fullerton. 
 The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. 
This place is a winner. 
My friends and I decided to cheat on our usual trip to Thai BBQ in Fullerton to check this place out. 
 this place is much nicer. 
This place wasn't good enough for me to cheat on Thai BBQ. 
 this place is great. 
Chicken Pad Thai ($7): it's so hard for me to try something different at a Thai place because I love pad thai wayyy toooo much. 
 still better than other places. 
 Although there are higher ranked Thai places in the area I went with guests that flew in from South Korea. 
  This was my friend's favorite thai place when we were students at CSUF many years ago. 
Friendly place. 
 this place has some really tasty authentic thai food. 
overall a place to consider if you just wear blinkers do your job of eating without much expectations and then jus get out. 
this is a great small little place. 
 me and my honey just one day were bored and were being fickle about going to the regular places and just said. 
 screw it let's try a random new place and we found such a cute little gem of a restaurant. 
 definitely we go to this place when we think THAI. 
 This place ain't nothing special. 
 Highly highly recommend this place. 
5 star rating because I don't know ANYONE who's been to this place that doesn't like it. 
As I mentioned above the place gets crowded. 
 Other than that the place seems to be clean and organized. 
 not the only place to go eat)
 it's a good local Thai place for not having to drive far from Brea. 
 the place is usually pretty busy. 
This place gets so packed though. 
 the entire place was packed with people. 
Highly recommend this place for those who love Thai food. 
 Sometimes there is only one or two server and the place is packed. 
 This place is really very amazing everytime. 
 Yet this place uses some Thai magic to perfectly balance that "salmon" flavor with the spicy curry. 
Check this place out. 
Very unfortunate to not find a decent Thai place near Fullerton . 
  Really hoping to find a place with some kick ass Pad See Ew. 
This isn't an atmosphere place - you walk in. 
 this is the place I come to. 
Environment - 3
Service is very friendly and the place is very clean. 
I really do like this place. 
 its not one of my favorite ramen places. 
 that seems to be the consensus among all of the non-chain ramen places I've tried. 
I prefer this place over Kopan Ramen because the prices are better and you don't have to order every ingredient separately. 
 this place has pretty good noodles and their Takoyaki was pretty good. 
I think there are better ramen places (better taste and slightly cheaper) if you go towards LA. 
I have found a new ramen place I have fallen in love with. 
 this place is always the first ramen restaurant that pop out in my mind. 
 this place is just too good. 
 It wasn't too salty like other places and the spicy miso was very flavorful. 
First off i thought this was some speed dating place. 
This place is soo much better than ajisen . 
 this place is solid & I could definitely come back. 
 the place wasn't full and we were ushered to a table inside right away. 
 to be honest I found this place to be incredibly average. 
 Since it's a ramen place. 
COMBO DOES NOT COME WITH EGG AT THIS PLACE and they charge you a dollar for one egg. 
 a great place to go for comfort food especially they open late. 
 Great place. 
 it was nice that this place was open until 1. 
 I was excited after reading some reviews about this place. 
I walked in and this place was fully packed with a lot of people so I had good expectations for this place. 
 that's more of a luxury at ramen places for them to get it perfectly soft boiled. 
 Every ramen place I've been too. 
 overall I think this place has good potential for growth. 
 I could see my self giving this place 4 stars. 
 this place is good if you are craving ramen and don't want to wait too long for your food. 
Review:  This place was good. 
  This place was pretty good ramen. 
 I'm giving it a 4-star cause I'm comparing it to other Ramen places that I've been to like Ippudo and Totoramen which are both from NYC. 
I'm surprised that a place that prices about $8 a bowl is this good. 
 At first we weren't sure if they'd be cool about us sharing a ramen because we have been to a place where they charged extra to share a bowl. 
 I was actually sort of disappointed because a lot of people I know like this place. 
 check this place out. 
Place is small waiting list . 
 It would be nice if the place were bigger. 
 then it is surrounded by a few college campuses which is understanding. 
Small place with bar seating. 
I really like this place. 
 Usually at ramen places they ask for the firmness of the noodle. 
 this place takes chances. 
 Who doesn't put squid on top of takoyaki? The gall of some places
 this place is the only option for ramen. 
 another mediocre ramen place. 
 I love this place. 
This place is highly recommended. 
I don't regret coming here because I love trying new ramen places. 
 I for sure prefer going to Shinsengumi or Daikokuya over this place. 
 it was below 40 degrees outside and everyone in Fullerton wanted ramen because the lines at all the ramen places were out the door. 
