the big problem cones in at the price. 
 way too pricey. 
Pricey . 
 For basically a fast food place the prices are way out of line. 
 not for the price. 
A bit overpriced for the serving size. 
 ENORMOUS portions at a great price. 
 The price is right. 
 fair price. 
 Service is fast and friendly and prices are reasonable. 
 Price increased to $14. 
Even with the price increase there was a solid selection of beef. 
 and everything you ask for is at an additional cost. 
 the cost is lower. 
 The quality is so much better and the cost is about the same. 
The prices are really good and they have many options in their menu. 
 Prices are great. 
Love being able to select EVERYTHING on you pie for the same price. 
 Prices are very reasonable. 
 sauces and all topping all for a great price of $8. 
 It's all 1 price so you can pile it on. 
 the price was the same for all pizzas. 
 This is a typical Subway that offers great alternative to over price food in the park. 
We were visiting Disneyland for 3 days and looking for an inexpensive dinner option before we headed back to the park. 
 good sandwiches and good prices make this a great place for a quick lunch. 
 The prices were so good in comparison to what we had been paying in the parks all week. 
 Classic subway selection and classic price
 We ate there a few times for a cost effective alternative to Disney
 inexpensive meal. 
Instead of eating expensive food at Disneyland. 
 the prices are a bit lower in the usa. 
 with our currency so weak it probably worked out to the same price. 
 Friendly staff and good food at reasonable prices. 
 and for a little extra cost. 
 though higher priced than a usual Subway. 
 Can't go wrong for the price. 
 Decent prices. 
 Prices are great. 
 Disneyland park food just does not have healthy choice at an affordable price
 the price can't be beat. 
Reliable and inexpensive for Dinner. 
being close to Disneyland you would expect inflated prices. 
 worth the walk if you are tired of overpriced junkfood. 
 great prices. 
 The service was quick and the prices were just like home. 
everywhere the prices were inflated. 
 Good quick service and regular prices. 
 and I bought breakfast sandwiches there instead of the expensive hotel breakfast
Cashier charged me full price for beverages that I asked to be included in combo meals. 
 Super expensive. 
 The prices were reasonable and the sandwich was better than I expected. 
 This is a great alternative to Disney food - fresh and at a reasonable price. 
 Prices here are also very reasonable considering the cost of eating at Disney restaurants. 
 Good price. 
 so this is a good inexpensive place for the family to eat healthy. 
 This is a typical Subway that offers great alternative to over price food in the park. 
We were visiting Disneyland for 3 days and looking for an inexpensive dinner option before we headed back to the park. 
 good sandwiches and good prices make this a great place for a quick lunch. 
 The prices were so good in comparison to what we had been paying in the parks all week. 
 The food is good and the price is even better. 
 The lunch menu is varied and inexpensive . 
 and at an affordable price. 
 They have lunch special menu with lower prices and small portions. 
 Wife and I love their food and is not too expensive. 
 the prices are fair. 
 very reasonable prices. 
Good fast food, good prices and good choice in combos. Need to be more clean and organized.
Great Indian food at a good price and very fast service. I can be in and out in less than 5 min.
Awesome little find. Great portions for the price, and fresh Naan that won't dissapoint.
Although the selections are severely limited, each dish is very delicious. I particularly enjoy the curry goat. They also give you a lot of food per order, filling the entire carryout foam box. For the price,  it is superb value. 
Decent prices, tons of food, super delicious
Great portions of delicious, authentic food for a great price. I come here every chance I get!
Satisfy your curry cravings! This small spot offers an assortment of traditional Indian food. They pack each plate with a mountain of rice and your choice of sides. They also offer tasty, warm bread. The prices fairly reasonable. This is one of my favorite curry spots and probably one of the best around!Best KBBQ from San Diego until you reach LA, irregardless of AYCE or not.  You don't even have to order premium, the original is just as quality.  #6 Mr BBQ on the original is very similar to the premium short ribs.  What's also great is they have Kids prices 5-10 year old $9.99 lunch and $13.99 dinner.
Over-rated... the price is comparable with most Korean BBQ in the area. The food is greatly good and the service is excellent. 
Not a huge fan of Panera. Food is a bit over priced for what you get. 
Pretty chill spot, good food, can be a little pricey. Good place to sit and relax, quiet place to get work done .
The BBQ pork rice and spring rolls are excellent.  Service is fast and efficient.  Prices are good.
It's OK. We go here cause it's convenient and ok. To go service is a little iffy. Always seem to get something wrong. Pho is solid but apps are bland. Not the best not the worst. Slightly expensive for the taste
Overall expeirence there was ok. They have a very nice atmosphere and their service is very good. However I had the spring roll as an appetizer with noodle soup with rare beef, brisket and tendon. Compared to other places the soup was good however they give you very little tendon. The spring rolls had a very powerful taste and the sauce they had with it was not very tasty either. Above all else it was expensive for what you got compared to others. So for overall I would say that the service was really great and they had such a beautiful atmosphere however they do need improving on quality of food and the price 
For appertizer, I ordered a dish of spring rolls.  It was very fresh and tasty!  For main dish, I had pho number 1 large bowl.  The soup was so good that I drank it all!  Unlike other pho places, the meat here is all fillet mignon and fresh. The Thai tea was excellent too.  The total price was reasonable.  I was filled up and totally satisfied.
Thinking of having a nice, crispy, juicy, healthy, good for your wallet kind of meal?  Well,  Pieology meets all these requirements.  It's like Chipotle for pizza.  First,  you get in line(which can be really long),  and decide how many types of meats or vegetables you want on your pizza, then you can add 1 or 2, heck you can add all the meats and vegetables for the same low  price of $7.50.  The long wait can be daunting, but the speed at which you wait for your food is SERIOUSLY LESS THAN 5 MINUTES!  I timed them, seriously less than 5.  The food is ridiculously good, and the service is awesome too.  
Their business model is outstanding and they have very reasonable prices. 
I came here out of curiosity at first, and now it's one of my more regular places to eat. The location and atmosphere is interesting and pleasant, the service is good, and of course the pizza is delicious. With plenty of choices and the ability to create your own pizza for a great price, this makes coming back to try different combinations utterly worth it. That being said, if there is one thing I'm not sold on, it's the way the pizza is given to the customer if you don't ask for a to-go box. The pizza is placed on a wooden peel after it is cooked (a wooden peel is basically a flat wooden board with tapered sides and a handle that's usually used to stick certain types of pizza into an oven) and the customer is given that to use as the plate.  While it does look rather stylish and is pretty unique, this truthfully just comes off as clunky at best and really awkward to carry at worst. Not only do you have to worry about potentially dropping it or mosquitoes from outside, but this also means the pizza itself is getting colder faster. Plus it also makes getting a drink if your alone much more difficult since you either have to worry about dropping it while getting a drink or leaving it back at your table where anyone could take it/touch it. It's never happened yet, but  weird things do happen. Maybe this is supposed to be environmentally friendly or something, but Needless to say, I always ask for a to-go box. Overall, a great place for quick and delicious pizza, with a rather odd and awkward bit that I'm not sold on.
Really great! Very quality at a good price my wife and children of various ages really enjoyed it -Eric from Phoenix
Very slow service. Food was pretty good. There are better thai restaurants for the same price elsewhere.
Food is so good, place is clean great price
Good quality Thai food at a good price.
The food is consistently good and fairly priced. The service is prompt but not friendly.
Good service, very good food at reasonable prices.
Food was good and price is reasonable.  But service is a slow, need to improve on customer service.
One of my friends said that this restaurant doesn't serve authentic Thai food, but it doesn't really matter to me. The quality and price rock and the waitresses are consistently friendly and attentive (except perhaps when every table is filled, but that's probably to be expected anyway)!
Excellent food at a reasonable price. Dinner specials are great. Friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. Perfect for a leisurely family meal.
great food at a great price.
The food is very good especially the lunch specials. The prices are more than fair. I've tried other Thai places in the area and this is my favorite when I'm in the area.
My favorite Thai eating establishment, and the prices are reasonable.  See you there....
I love this place. It has good ramen and the service and prices are fair. Come in during lunch for lunch special. 
Ramen that will blow your mind and they are open late. Everything is delicious and prices are great.Love coming here with friends when I'm near Cal State.
Their seared pork is absolutely amazing and I order it every time. Quick service and attentive staff. Very reasonably priced!  and it was more expensive then what I ordered. 
 its the same price. 
 So are the prices. 
Food is overpriced. 
 The place is pretty clean for the most part and the price is obviously great. 
Price: 5. 
I rather eat across the street where it will fill me up for a cheaper price along with great taste. 
 I know it seems expensive . 
?   Guacamole is the only thing that costs a little extra. 
Even though the prices just went up for a few of the times on the menu. 
 I think the price for a burrito here is totally worth it. 
this is always a good choice to come and grab some lunch for an inexpensive price. 
 since the guy putting on the topping didn't hear i got a double steak bowl for the price of a regular bowl. 
 my real gripe are the prices they charge for their food. 
Take guac for example - That shit is expensive to get it added on to your dish. 
Now I have noticed that they have smaller portions for the same price so that was upsetting 
My only thing I have to nitpick about is the price. 
 It can get pricey. 
The prices aren't bad at all either. 
 Prices went up recently. 
 the gaucomole is overpriced. 
The prices for the burritos and other stuff I think are pretty fair. 
 too expensive. 
Avoid this particular location at all costs. 
Price for a burrito bowl is around $6. 
 its pretty expensive. 
The gauc is overpriced. 
This place is quick with good quality for its prices. 
 When that place also happens to serve bomb Indian inspired rice dishes at an amazing price point. 
 Good food and a great price is a universal phenomenon all people can understand. 
 their prices are very reasonable and you will walk out with a decent amount of food. 
 Price: 5
 Prices are very good too. 
 is on point especially for the price and speed at which it comes to you. 
The Service is fast and you cant beat the price. 
 the price is TOO GOOD. 
 reasonably priced. 
 reasonably priced. 
The portion is huge for the price. 
DELICIOUS FOOD+AFFORDABLE PRICE= PARADISE. 
 the eggplant curry and garlic naan which costs a little bit more than the regular naan. 
  The prices were O. 
 a lot more usage of spice (higher food cost. 
 both other places would be too expensive. 
 I've had a lot of Indian food before and this is as good as you can get for the price. 
 BBQ - They raised the lunch prices from $9. 
 quality and price. 
 That's like a dinner price. 
Costco - You can rave about the hot dogs and pizza all you want. 
 Their only entrée option is very expensive. 
 Prices are reasonable. 
Come here if you like great Indian food at a fair price. 
 fast and very inexpensive. 
And the prices. 
  Price is a little high. 
Prices are reasonable and comparable to all take out I've seen. 
 The difference is worth the additional cost. 
 Premium quality makes the bar go higher when consuming anything and so does the price tag. 
Service was attentive and price was fair. 
-That is the main reason why I gave this place a 4 star instead of 5 because other than that I really like this place and the price is well worth the quality. 
 which is why the price is so steep. 
  I recommend y'all get the expensive menu and feast on that. 
Price (4): Reasonable pricing for what you get at a KBBQ and the quality. 
 They say they don't have anymore of a particular item when it is kinda expensive. 
Totally worth the price. 
It's a little more expensive than other places I've been to . 
 If 1 person wants the premium the whole table is charged the higher price. 
 the filet and stuff  it cost extra . 
 the dinner price applies (+$20). 
 the price reflects why too. 
I wish price was a little lower . 
 they are simply the best and the price is excellent for what you get. 
Price 2. 
5: overpriced for its quality. 
 they have raised up the prices. 
 for the same price I get better food somewhere else. 
 which has been overrated and overpriced. 
 fast service and great price. 
Their meats are really of high quality(expected since price is pretty expensive). 
 and fair prices. 
$23 dinner is a more than reasonable price for the variety and quality of meat you get. 
 They have much better prices (premium meat included). 
 don't be dumb like us and show up thinking you're paying lunch price on weekends): $22. 
 they were charging dinner prices all day. 
What you ultimately get is a pretty good selection of meats for a higher price than you find elsewhere. 
- Options - higher price gives you access to other meat options. 
 it's not worth the price for the extra meats. 
 It's just too expensive. 
 for the price of an AYCE place. 
 prices were great. 
What's the price for such attentive service? A really long wait. 
 $32 ayce dinner is a bit pricey. 
 the dinner prices are pricey. 
 I recommend other alternatives because this place is pricey. 
The filet mignon was worth that price alone. 
 and great price. 
 I went during lunch hours so the price was about $16. 
 I mean if I love steak and ordered 2-3 plates of those it'd make sense to go with the expensive one. 
For the price this place is a real bargain. 
 it is worth the price. 
 cheaper and more pricey. 
 Go for more pricey if you see certain cuts of meat (like short rib) that's not on the regular menu. 
 they must just had a price increase. 
 comparable to Gen BBQ and others around the same price range. 
 compared to some lower-priced priced places. 
 I kind of regarded the price as a friendship tax because I had so much fun. 
However the downside is that their prices for dinner sky rocket which is a big increase from their reasonable lunch price 
Costumer service was the only thing that was Excellent   
It will be a little more expensive than what I'm used to. 
 with the high price comes high quality meat and a good environment. 
99USD dinner price. 
This restaurant is a little bit pricier than most of the K-town AYCE KBBQ places with the lowest tier of their dinner menu being priced at $22. 
(Last note: the weekend AYCE price is the dinner price: $20. 
Price. 
 This place is worth your price and definitely the best KBBQ in my book. 
Mr BBQ's most expensive option ($27. 
 you may be disappointed with the price. 
  Kids are about half price. 
The prices are a little higher than other AYCE . 
The prices for dinner 1 is around $23 and to upgrade to dinner 2 is about $30. 
Thanks for the free good expensive name brand candies. 
 They also have a wide selection of things to order from depending on menu which of course varies in price. 
 price was ridiculous. 
Price: 5 Stars
 The meats here are truly good quality and the price isn't ridiculous either (bonus - free ice cream). 
   We decided on the all you can eat lunch which is reasonably priced at $14. 
 The garlic parmesan fried chicken was too greasy and I think the quality was not worth the price. 
 Pretty small portion for its given price. 
Salad cons: small for price. 
 Cutting down portion sizes while charging the same high price is what runs customers off. 
 the pizza prices are kind of pricey -- it's probably because it's near CSUF. 
 it cost $4 an hour during the week BUT OGGI'S VALIDATES parking so don't worry. 
 is only free for a half hour normally and then skyrockets in price to a ridiculous rate of $4 for 31 minutes to the first hour. 
Prices are high for the quality. 
  The wings were a very good size for the price. 
 service and prices need to be improved. 
 Is this a way for them to justify the price? We ordered a 14" of the Oggi's special and man was there a lot of crust. 
 Costco. 
 fairly priced. 
 and the beer is priced decently. 
 The bartender even acknowledged that it was pricey and that she should validate my ticket "just in case" - which I thought was good service. 
 Totally not worth the cost and the good was not good. 
  Price was very reasonable given there was six of us. 
 Totally not worth the cost and the good was not good. 
  Price was very reasonable given there was six of us. 
 Prices were reasonable. 
Costco's pizza is better. 
 those 6 wings cost about $15. 
The price is abit high for the amount . 
 Not sure what she was doing or maybe she was just lost? Finally I pay for my overpriced meal and get to my car. 
 its tasty tasty for sure andthe prices and portions rock. 
This place should be avoided at all costs. 
  A 3 item for the price of a 2 item. 
Price- Alright
Price: 3. 
 every time I go to this location in comparison to the Costa Mesa or Huntington Beach. 
  I live in costa mesa and I guess I've gotten used to ppl being somewhere btwn indifferent and mildly rude. 
Prices are reasonable. 
 sometimes unreasonably expensive. 
Panera is a little on the expensive side though. 
 I end up getting my hot chocolate from Starbucks now for a slightly more pricey cost. 
 it might be a little bit on the overpriced side. 
 everything seemed pricey compared to other restaurants nearby. 
 how expensive is it to add some more lettuce into a box that fits in the palm of my hand? My panini had grill marks on it. 
 their portions don't level with their prices. 
  It is a good price for all the bread you get. 
  Just getting a salad does not fill me up enough for the price or amount of calories it comes with. 
 It ain't a Costco muffin. 
I only took off one star because it's a little expensive. 
  But if you really want quality food and don't mind too much about costs. 
 pretty pricey for the taste and quality. 
 The price of each bagel is a bit higher than a regular bagel. 
 If you care about the price. 
I think it's worth of the price. 
 The food is way over priced. 
 the problem is the price. 
 A sandwich is about $2 too expensive for the size that you get and the coffees are 7-Eleven quality at Starbucks prices. 
 Can get a tad pricey (. 
 reasonably priced and light. 
 But the price is compensated by their cleanliness in their decor and food. 
  Prices are slightly on the higher side. 
  I'm pretty sure they raised prices since the last time I was here a year ago. 
 also relatively well-priced. 
 The portions are pretty big and the prices are decent. 
(a bit expensive for pho no?) Anyway I asked the lady to give me an extra bag and a separate little side of veggies for my sister. 
Our bill came out to be around $30 for the both of us - kind of expensive for 2 bowls of okay pho and 2 spring rolls. 
I always felt that this place is overpriced . 
 price is already expensive than other places and now they starting to charge onions. 
This place average food price is $9~$10. 
 which by the way will cost you an extra dollar. 
 For the price I paid here I could go to Pho 45 at Garden Grove (excellent place) and eat twice and with a real pho taste. 
My side of veggies tasted old and cost $2. 
 Too pricey for sub-par pho. 
Overpriced. 
 and the people here are very attentive and the food is WELL PRICED. 
 Pho Crystal in Costa Mesa. 
- Prices are fair
 The prices and portions aren't that great. 
 as I thought the large which costs more than other places wasn't that big and I wasn't fully satisfied. 
 a little pricey. 
 Charged full price for food we barely ate for something they had control over. 
The price was almost $1 more than many places in Little Saigon. 
 I've had pho enough times to know that this place was overpriced and underflavored. 
 not so big to justify the high prices ($7 for small. 
 Prices were quite high for pho- large bowl of pho was about $10. 
99) which priced more reasonably. 
 I don't think you'll find a place around here that will give you better quality for such a reasonable price. 
Prices are very high for what you're getting. 
Price - $8. 
 I'm a Fan (4 stars) - The regular price for the Large is $7. 
Overpriced?  YES. 
  I don't mind paying for a little overpriced dishes IF they were great. 
  I will pay higher prices for great tasting food. 
  I did not see anywhere on the menu about vegetarian broth being more expensive either. 
 it's a bit more expensive. 
 it's the most expensive. 
 both are very reasonably priced. 
Prices are quite high for a pho shop. 
PRICE: 1 star
 their prices are higher than other Pho places. 
 For the price you pay. 
Price:  Fair compared to Irvine. 
 expensive compared to Westminster
Price: 10. 
10 Only a dollar more expensive than most pho places (my large pho tai chin was only about $7. 
 the price is affordable. 
 and it wasn't too expensive. 
Everyone their was very polite and prices were decent. 
 for the amount of food you get the price is worth it. 
  I was in and out of there with very reasonable cost. 
  The price was a little steeper than I thought it would be - about what we pay when we go out to sushi. 
 considering prices vs. 
 Also OVERPRICED. 
Yes it may cost a bit more than other Pho restaurants. 
Minus another star for their prices. 
  The serving size is a bit small for the price. 
There aren't any other pizza places too close by so this is a good location for something that is delicious and inexpensive. 
For the price and the amount of food I get on my personal pizza. 
Pies are pricey. 
The price is pretty decent. 
50 (the price may have increased slightly by now). 
 For about the same price (at least. 
 Parmesan and Gorgonzala): Since I'm paying a base price that includes all the toppings I want. 
 I can always depend on the Fullerton Pieology for a great pizza meal at an unbeatable price. 
I love the concept of building your own pie for a set price. 
 A pizza dinner that you can customize with your own toppings that costs around $10 is not only delicious. 
 and while it is priced the same and the same concept. 
Same price. 
50 price so add away (be forewarned however though that the crust is extremely thin so adding more than 7 toppings or so will result in a very flimsy pizza). 
price. 
They've raised their prices and have franchises in other states?. 
 the prices have gone up to $8+8%=$8. 
Them fucking rich white folks always gotta have mo' money so they sell franchises and raises their prices instead of keeping it local. 
None the less the grub here for the price is spectacular. 
  For the price this is good. 
 and even splitting pizza in half so that you can have two types of pizza for the price of one. 
 For the price you pay. 
Cost:  Less than $9 for unlimited toppings. 
 It's all the same price anyways. 
 for a fairly decent price. 
What makes this different from your regular old pizza place is the fact that you can create your own pizza for a flat price. 
 mozzarella cheese and jalapeños cost me about $7. 
Price: 1 personal pizza = $8. 
 If you're one of those people that like to get the most out of your money you should do this because it's the SAME price for the pre-chosen pizzas (where they already list out the toppings) . 
  It was a very good pizza for a phenomenal price. 
 half price. 
It was just about the same price as Chipotle would cost ($7-$8) and you get a good sized pizza. 
Inexpensive
 My pizza was DELICIOUS and inexpensive. 
  this is a great pizza joint for a reasonable price. 
The five stars is for a fully customizable individual pizza for the incredibly reasonable price of $7. 
   at this price everyone in your party can get whatever they want. 
  The price stays the same regardless of toppings. 
 and bargain price is all great. 
 Good price if you ask me. 
Price: $7. 
+ You can have everything on your pizza for 1 low price. 
 it's definitely worth the price. 
 and about the same price. 
 The price is also pretty decent for a whole pizza with unlimited toppings. 
 decent price. 
It's inexpensive IMO and it's a simple concept. 
 for a great low price?? my pizza was delicious. 
 The price is a flat $7. 
Price:  Average cost per pizza is $7. 
Their business model is outstanding and they have very reasonable prices. 
Pros: Cost. 
 prices are amazing. 
 Most are priced around $8 - $11. 
The price was about $9 for a build your own. 
  The price was also super inexpensive. 
Price: 5. 
 They're in the same price bracket and deliver a similar product. 
 The pizza prices are fair and range from $6-9 before tax. 
 I'd say it's a bit on the pricey side for being a typical broke college student. 
The pizzas are nicely priced and absolutely delicious (if you know what you're putting in it. 
  Some of it is really too expensive. 
Prices are also reasonable. 
 at a decent price. 
 probably because the kegs are tapped out due to the awesome prices. 
I mean I guess veggies are least expensive . 
 good prices. 
 I have not eaten at Subway for several months because the costs keep rising and the quality isn't improving. 
 was priceless. 
 For the price. 
Prices are okay. 
I feel like this was overpriced for mediocre and bland dishes. 
But the food is really overpriced considering how little the portion is. 
 all of the items were a small portion for the price. 
 there was a mismatch between portion size and price. 
  Look for a restaurant with a better balance of authentic flavors and lower prices or more generous portions
  The price are also super decent. 
Price: 5. 
Prices have gone up about $1. 
 Which isnt that bad considering they dont often raise their prices. 
 veggie pad thai costs like $9. 
 My total lunch price was $11. 
 My only recommendation would be anyone desiring a bigger food serving when ordering lunch buy from the dinner menu at that serving size and price. 
-Decent food and decent prices
 The prices are reasonable for what your paying. 
 fair prices. 
Overall its a decent meal at a decent price with a decent  menu. 
Best of all the prices are very good . 
 the prices are outrageous for Thai food ($9 for most meals plus $2 for a small cup of rice?. 
 reasonably priced options so maybe I will go back and give a follow-up review
 The price was great too. 
 it costs like $9 for a lunch combo that comes with rice. 
 I suggest dining here - Good prices - great food. 
 Prices are ok. 
 not super cheap take out prices (. 
 and not super expensive. 
 the prices are a bit high and the portions smaller than i'm used to. 
 at this price. 
 the price was good. 
For the prices. 
Price - 4
 the perfect seasoning and a decently priced portion. 
Lunch specials have very good prices and satisfying portions. 
I prefer this place over Kopan Ramen because the prices are better and you don't have to order every ingredient separately. 
 At least the price and service was good. 
 great prices. 
 Great portions and good price. 
I'm surprised that a place that prices about $8 a bowl is this good. 
For the portion size I thought it was a little overpriced. 
