 clean presentation - and the location was clean with excellent staff. 
 The staff are friendly. 
 helpful and provide great service. 
 The staff was super friendly and helped us decide what we wanted. 
 location and waitstaff that was highly attentive. 
 Friendly staff and very clean place. 
 Friendly staff. 
 Staff is kind and helpful. 
 the service is great and pretty quick for the amount of business they do. 
 The staff was very friendly and helpful. 
 Food was great and service was excellent. 
Let me say that the service at this places de me feel very welcomed. 
 The service was very friendly and we got our food pretty quickly. 
 service was nice and quick. 
 Fast service. 
 Even when there were 10 people in line there was only one till open and staff wandered around slowly. 
 Staff was right in front of us . 
 Staff was really friendly. 
 It was accompanied by a very good service. 
 All the members of the staff were attentive. 
 and treat every customer with respect and friendliness which makes a difference in the fast food service. 
 This place is good for quick bites and has a very friendly staff. 
 The staff is friendly and the dining area is well kept. 
 Thanks to all the amazing staff working there because they were really nice and helpful with everything I asked them (It was my very first time in a Chipotle restaurant and I didn't know how it worked. 
 service is either hit or miss. 
Today service and food was direct hit. 
Wonderful service. 
 The staffs are very friendly. 
 Service attentive and hospitable. 
We had dinner for my 50th birthday celebration and we were all amazed with the service from the staff. 
 They sang and danced as the staff sing a happy birthday song. 
 And this spot has incredible meats and seriously AMAZING waitstaff. 
 Usually the service is poor or the quality of the meat is poor or the atmosphere is poor. 
 Service is fast and friendly and prices are reasonable. 
 Amazing service. 
 The staff is great. 
 The service was excellent the staff is very welcoming and helpful. 
 provided excellent service (changed our grill at least 5 times. 
 The meat was really fresh and service was good. 
 The staff. 
 Fast service for our group of 20. 
 pleasant service. 
 The staff and manager were super nice place and I got a free &quot. 
It is a Chinese fast food resturant quick service. 
 Service is always good. 
 Very friendly staff. 
 The service is fantastic. 
) Attentive service. 
The service is very quick and kind. 
 the service i received was superb. 
 prompt service go here. 
 Staff promptly greeted me and handed me a menu when I stated I wanted take-away. 
 quality and service. 
 The staff was friendly and helpful. 
 EXTREMELY fast service. 
 Great service. 
 The staff are friendly and knowledgeable . 
 Great service. 
 Staff at Subway was friendly and fast. 
Attentive staff. 
We have 4 kids and the staff was very patient and efficient when the kids ordered their sandwiches. 
Prompt service. 
 I did this twice and the food was great and service. 
Grabbed lunch here and the manager and staff were really friendly. 
 The staff was very friendly and were neat and quick at making the sandwich. 
We had Subway meals several times during our visit and the staff were friendly and efficient. 
 The staff handled the crowd really well and we didn't have to wait that long. 
It's a decent subway with little not so happy staff. 
 Friendly staff and good food at reasonable prices. 
 The staff was friendly and efficient. 
 Quick service. 
 Service and food were good. 
 Quick service. 
Staff was very personable and quick service. 
The staff were very friendly. 
This location is open 24hours and it has a friendly staff. 
Staff is fantastic ~ getting customers thru at lightning speed. 
The staff were friendly. 
 Place was clean and the staff was nice and friendly. 
 The service was quick and the prices were just like home. 
 Good quick service and regular prices. 
This subway was excellent it saw 24 hours open just across our hotel desert Palm hotels the service was fantastic food was great
 The food was always good and the service (once we hot used to the American way of doing things and the different menu) was always. 
 no problem with service. 
 Get a coupon in a map brochure at the front desk. 
We visited the Subway Sandwich shop and the staff was very polite. 
 this place deserves a mention because it's crazy busy and the service is still efficient and friendly. 
 the quality was as it should have Ben and the staff were fantastic. 
Friendly service and fresh food. 
Only drawback was slow service. 
This is one of the best subways it was next to are hotel which was great and the service was great it was busy . 
 Great service. 
 Staff at Subway was friendly and fast. 
Attentive staff. 
We have 4 kids and the staff was very patient and efficient when the kids ordered their sandwiches. 
Prompt service. 
 The service is quick and you can easily order whatever degree. 
 The service is decent. 
 the service is so-so. 
Excellent food and service. 
Slow Service. 
 Very friendly and happy staff. 
 really fast service. 
I stopped in to get a take out order and was greeted by a friendly staff. 
 service was quick and the staff was very friendly. 
 The service and atmosphere are always great. 
I was two cents short and the young lady gave me real nasty attitude,  if such a problem for them then don't work in fast food.  The food was O. K. and I would go back again.  The fries were fresh after they gave me a small fry instead of the large I ordered, so they had to cook more! So besides the bad customer service by the one female,  it was O. K. 
Very good service. Otherwise, a regular BK.
(Low with staff as well)
Although at certain hours, services can be lacking due to short of staff. 
Service is eh and Carl's overall marketing campaign I don't appreciate.
Fast service for the amount of traffic, go to if you're on campus and need a quick snack 
Literally the worst service I've ever gotten. I never post reviews and I had to for this place. Awful. 
Very lively and nice atmosphere inside and friendly staff.
Went here with a group of friends and saw that the place was good for groups . Very lively and nice atmosphere inside and friendly staff. The food was still sizzling when it came out and the fajitas we ordered were very tasty! All the ingredients were fresh and had great flavor. Would definitely recommend to anyone and will be back !
Delicious food, the best place to minus your hunger. Super fast service.
Delicious food, great atmosphere. Great service. 
Busy location but fast service. Seating are was clean. 
It's a few minutes after 11am, which means they just opened and there's already a line..it's moving rather quickly. I'm ordering in three minutes. Meat serving is decent, the lettuce looks a little dry. Service is average, looks clean. Will come back.
Great Indian food at a good price and very fast service. I can be in and out in less than 5 min.
Awesome place to have Indian nourishment, particularly there yogurt curry (kadi in hindi). Administration is speedy and the staff is exceptionally affable.
The food is decent, but somehow not as flavorful as the Indian food I'm used to. Service is quick and friendly, and the selection is familiar if not extensive - they seem to carry between 8 and 12 dishes at any given time. 
You can dine and take out food...its a cafeteria type place so service is a bit faster......
Great food and friendly service
ice food...but the sunday morning staff a fair looking lady very rude ,i visited first time and she commented on us just because we got confuse where the line is going...shamless dont know how to behave with customer......i never seen like her 
Great place to have Indian food, especially there yogurt curry (kadi in hindi). Service is quick and the staff is very courteous.
Best KBBQ! Excellent service, and excellent food! Dinner AYCE is $23 but it's definitely worth it! Used to eat at Gen Korean BBQ but this one beats it. Definitely give this place a try, wait might be long though 
One of my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ spots. Great for lunch and dinner. The quality of food and service is excellent. 
My new favorite AYCE KBBQ spot. We came at 6pm on a Thursday night, and the wait was about 35 minutes. By 6:30, the wait was about an hour. The service was the best I've ever received at a KBBQ restaurant. The servers were quick and friendly. I loved it! The server even brought out a kids tray for my son. So kid-friendly! The sides were all so good, and there were plenty of different sides. The meat was also some of the best that I've ever tried! I also enjoyed the small scoop of mint and chip ice cream at the end. It was the perfect way to end the meal. I'll be returning here often!The BEST KBBQ place around. Hands down. The food is delicious, they give you plenty of appetizers and don’t mind refilling them. When I asked for a lot of rice paper, guess what? They brought a ton of rice paper and kept me filled up  the whole time I was there. Most of the time, I didn’t even need to mention that I was running out and they would bring more.
They are always so courteous, the employees seem like they enjoy working here, and it show in their excellent customer service and willingness to go above and beyond for their patrons.
Over-rated... the price is comparable with most Korean BBQ in the area. The food is greatly good and the service is excellent. 
Quality of meat and service makes this Korean bbq a good time. Went with a party of six and we enjoyed almost every cut of meat from pork cheek to filet. Beer is good but they lose a star for surrounding us with tv's like this is a sports bar.
Really good near quality meat and a large selection of sides. We were recommended the marinated sirloin, which was very tender and delicious. There's no button, but the staff are very attentive. Not a fan of the birthday vuvuzela though; it was really loud and annoying. 
The facility is modern and clean.  They definitely strive for an entertaining atmosphere with great customer service.  All the servers were very nice... Looks like they hire primarily students.  There were plenty of TVs so that anywhere you sit you could see one.
Mr BBQ is amazing. Their service is outstanding. Sometimes you have to wait to be seated but it's worth it!
Food was great, service was even better. Our waiter brought us two free dishes to try out, and it was a good amount of food, even for 8 people. I would definitely be back
Very slow service, regardless of how good the food is; there has to be a balance between service and quality and they do not have that.
Blackened Santa Fe Chicken salad was to die for! So good! Plus the service was amazing!
delicious food, good beer selection and great service! i love coming here!
Had the chance to stop by Oggis last night and had a great time. They have awesome daily and happy hour specials and they don't skimp on their food portions too. If you like cheese fries check theirs out for happy hour. It will definitely fill you up. Oggis also has their own brews which is pretty neat. It's nice to see a brewery who focuses on traditional styles and does not lean on smoke and mirrors in their beer. "I'm calling you at barrel aged, nitro, wild,  and other hoopla people add to beer when it is not really necessary." They have ample space and fit a group of 15 on short notice with no problem. You get college students, professors, and locals at this spot. Service was a tad slow, but other than that no complaints!
Love every aspect of this place....service, food and atmosphere. I am at Oggis Fullerton regularly and have never had a bad meal there. All of their menu is amazing. 
Excellent service and quality ingredients. the pizza is very good. The drafts selection is just as good. I was not impressed by the lettuce wraps: got peanuts and not cashews, sesame oil and mustard not enough as sauces, missing something a bit tastier. the chicken required more chives and to be cut into smaller more manageable pieces.
My wife and I love this place, good pizza, great beer, staff make us feel welcome...  would like to give 5 stars, but parking is a problem.
Bad slow service. Had event here, took too long to receive food and beer.
Fast service, food was good, and the restaurant was fairly clean.
Fast/Quality Service, even during rushes they greet you and ask if you'll like to try any samples.
Great Panera Location, and one of the top 3 that I have been to overall. My favorite meal here by far is a "White Cheddar Steak Panini", and as an honorable mention "Thai Chicken Ceasar Salad". Give them a try next time you're in. I've never waited to be served longer then 5 minutes here and the whole staff has always been friendly. Internet is kind of slow though, but that's me just nitpicking :)
Excellent service, beautiful people and great food and coffee ..
THIS FULLERTON LOCATION IS THE BEST!! BRIANNA IS SO DELIGHTFUL AND HELPFUL ALL THE STAFF AT THIS LOCATION ARE. THE FOOD IS AMAZING A SPECIAL TREAT ON A SUNDAY MORNING. I AM ABSOLUTELY ADDICTED TO THE BREAKFAST MENU.. THANKS PANERA FOR GETTING UP SO EARLY FOR US..... KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .SINCERELY,MARY BETH AND GARRETT
I never really knew where Panera Bread fit into the scheme of things, but upon visiting one, I now know. The common thing that I saw here were students with textbooks and lounging senior citizens. I cannot say I am a fan of the place, but from the outside, it's certainly welcoming and clean. On the inside, there was plenty seating and friendly staff. Hot and iced coffee had free refills.
The wild rice soup is awesome.  The classic grilled cheese is awesome.  My family and I have only been coming here for  from January - July 2013, but I can say it has been great each time we go.  We sometimes enjoy the comfortable chairs and umbrellas on the patio, but usually go through the drivethru.  Never experienced anything less that good customer service.  
Love this panera. The staff is always friendly and they work very fast. 
I like this place. Frendly and nice staff.
Soups always super hot. Good service.
The BBQ pork rice and spring rolls are excellent.  Service is fast and efficient.  Prices are good.
The menu is too small, but the quality is great in food and service.
It's OK. We go here cause it's convenient and ok. To go service is a little iffy. Always seem to get something wrong. Pho is solid but apps are bland. Not the best not the worst. Slightly expensive for the taste
Overall expeirence there was ok. They have a very nice atmosphere and their service is very good. However I had the spring roll as an appetizer with noodle soup with rare beef, brisket and tendon. Compared to other places the soup was good however they give you very little tendon. The spring rolls had a very powerful taste and the sauce they had with it was not very tasty either. Above all else it was expensive for what you got compared to others. So for overall I would say that the service was really great and they had such a beautiful atmosphere however they do need improving on quality of food and the price 
Great place! This restaurant is really beautiful and calm inside. The staff is friendly and cheerful. The food is really fresh and yummy!
I was really impressed with this Restaurant.  It is very clean inside and the service is awesome!
Good atmosphere and nice staff. Build your our pizza or salad. Haven't tried their salad but their pizza are good. Fresh ingredients.
Thinking of having a nice, crispy, juicy, healthy, good for your wallet kind of meal?  Well,  Pieology meets all these requirements.  It's like Chipotle for pizza.  First,  you get in line(which can be really long),  and decide how many types of meats or vegetables you want on your pizza, then you can add 1 or 2, heck you can add all the meats and vegetables for the same low  price of $7.50.  The long wait can be daunting, but the speed at which you wait for your food is SERIOUSLY LESS THAN 5 MINUTES!  I timed them, seriously less than 5.  The food is ridiculously good, and the service is awesome too.  
great thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients. this place works like a subway or chipotle in that you choose your toppings as you walk down a line. good customer service, but there is a rush around dinner time so if youre planning on going during that time, it's smart to order online and pick up your pizza 
I love Pieology, especially this location. I've never had a bad experience here. The only thing that came close was the one time where the line was so long that it went around the restaurant and through the back exit door and I had to wait in line next to the ramen place next door, but that shows how good this place is. I like how you can have your pizza your way. The cinnamon dessert is also something that I highly recommend. The staff here are really courteous and helpful, the atmosphere is very chill, and parking isn't bad at all since it's in a shopping center parking lot. I definitely recommend this place. 
Only improvement could be the friendliness of the staff but overall great for a quick pizza bite. 
Love this place!   I get what I ask for.  Staff is always friendly and ready to help. More cheese?  Just say when.  More olives? Is this enough.
Great quick service pizza
Easy, fast, fresh, good quality and great staff!
I love it so much great customer service! Always clean and fast! especially very healthy only pizza I will eat now!
$8 for an unlimited toppings pizza! Awesome value, good food, great customer service. We love this place! 
I came here out of curiosity at first, and now it's one of my more regular places to eat. The location and atmosphere is interesting and pleasant, the service is good, and of course the pizza is delicious. With plenty of choices and the ability to create your own pizza for a great price, this makes coming back to try different combinations utterly worth it. That being said, if there is one thing I'm not sold on, it's the way the pizza is given to the customer if you don't ask for a to-go box. The pizza is placed on a wooden peel after it is cooked (a wooden peel is basically a flat wooden board with tapered sides and a handle that's usually used to stick certain types of pizza into an oven) and the customer is given that to use as the plate.  While it does look rather stylish and is pretty unique, this truthfully just comes off as clunky at best and really awkward to carry at worst. Not only do you have to worry about potentially dropping it or mosquitoes from outside, but this also means the pizza itself is getting colder faster. Plus it also makes getting a drink if your alone much more difficult since you either have to worry about dropping it while getting a drink or leaving it back at your table where anyone could take it/touch it. It's never happened yet, but  weird things do happen. Maybe this is supposed to be environmentally friendly or something, but Needless to say, I always ask for a to-go box. Overall, a great place for quick and delicious pizza, with a rather odd and awkward bit that I'm not sold on.
Gluten free pizza with lots of "publish your own" options. Cool ambiance. Friendly customer service. My husband enjoys the variety of craft brews on tap.
I'm hoping that this place doesn't fall victim to the curse of this location because the pizza is amazing and the customer service is unbelievable! I'm not the biggest beer guy either, but damn they have some good beer and a huge selection
Great atmosphere, tons of toppings, wonderful rotating craft beers, late hours, wifi, friendly staff.  All good to me!
This place is 24 hours which is great. Service can be a hit or miss depending on what time you go and who is helping you
This is by far the best subway around. Always friendly and fast service, plus fresh ingredients!
I definitely recommend this place. I love the spicy beef salad here! The cashew chicken, sweet and sour chicken are also good. love the lunch and dinner specials. Lots of good flavors in their good. Service is usually pretty good.Listen to the other reviews, don't go past a 7 in spiciness. 
Delicious food. Fast service. Lunch specials are perfect for a quick meal on a budget.
Very slow service. Food was pretty good. There are better thai restaurants for the same price elsewhere.
Nice place I've been to a few Thai restaurants and this one had a similar vibe and the feel. Decor uses lots of reds and the staff is nice.
My girls love Thai food.  Their favorite dishes  are Pad Thai and Pad See Ew!  Great service! Food was so flavorful and tasted fresh.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
Never Never Never Going back there... Bad waitress service and not good food. Ordered Green curry and Thai Basil chicken (there was not one basil leaf in my dish). I usually order from across the street but they were closed. Thought I would give Thai Basil a try. When I ordered they told me 20 min. I got there after 30 min, - no one greeted me, infact when I tried to get the waitress attention, she snapped and said hold on. Then she tells me i have to wait another 10 min and when I asked why she got upset and said the lady inside would help me out and walked away. Finally, someone from inside came out and dropped the bag of food on the counter and went back in. Then the same rude waitress came back charged me and said here you go... no "sorry for the wait" or Thank you."  I usually don't give bad reviews, but I found a small piece of wire / plastic in the Thai Basil chicken (i am not sure what it was but definitely not edible.)
I have been a client for over 10 years and have always enjoyed the food.  But lately their service has become poor.  Place the order on the phone and I got scolded for their own mistake.  Also, they have been not very welcoming when I go there with my 2 year who is well behaved.  Probably because I am a vegetarian.  I wish their service will improve.
The food is consistently good and fairly priced. The service is prompt but not friendly.
great food and service
Good service, very good food at reasonable prices.
Good food and service.
Good service and delicious food.  Be sure to look at the "rice plates" section of the menu, which has good stuff that you can order sans rice if you want to -- I had a dish with crispy pork skins that was amazing.  The thick porridge with preserved egg would have been excellent drunk food.
We have been going to Thai Basil for over 12 years now.....say about every ten days on the average. We have never had a bad serving of anything. We have always been treated well by the staff and you have to respect their speed and competency, even when they get very busy. The vegetables are fresh and all their food preparation is excellent, never overcooked.  We call Thai Basil "the  kitchen" because it has become our second kitchen
Great food great service.  We always get take out at least twice a week
An especially favorite here for us locals, come try this restaurant out. Authentic Thai food and great, friendly service. Try the various curries and don't forget to order your lunch or dinner special.
I honestly did like the food, it was delicious and served promptly. However, I only give it 2 stars instead of 4 because of how I was treated. A waitress working there did not acknowledge me, talk to me if she got my order, and when my food was served I was also introduced to the bill. They really gave me the experience of not being wanted. The food gets 4 stars but service gets 2.
Food was good and price is reasonable.  But service is a slow, need to improve on customer service.
Very slow service
I really like this place,Food is really Good, But Bad Service
Great service great food
Excellent food at a reasonable price. Dinner specials are great. Friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. Perfect for a leisurely family meal.
I recently went to famed Chomp restaurant, and the whole time was there I was thinking "Man I wish I was at Thai Basil right now" lol.  Great food match by there Great service.  Me and my girlfriend love eating at this place and always look for reasons to go.I love this place. It has good ramen and the service and prices are fair. Come in during lunch for lunch special. 
This place is always great. The broth is great and rich, the pork is tender, and the staff is super friendly. 
Service is great
Been going here for years! Great food and service.
Went here with my girlfriend for lunch. We paid $25 for two and were both able to get a nice sized bowl of Shoyu with gyoza and pork fried rice on the side. My girlfriend did the social media challenge was able to get enough likes to get us a free side of noodles, which were greatly appreciated. This place is always crowded but we got lucky and sat at the bar. Service was was and we were in and out within 45 minutes. Definitely the best place for Ramen near CSUF.
Excellent service and excellent food. The Ramen reminds of the time I visited a Shop during a brief visit in Tokyo, Japan.  The Cha Ramen and the creamy, delicious broth continues to be one of my favorites.  I don't have a least favorite with this place as every thing I have eaten at What's Up Men is excellent. 
Outstanding service and food!! Definitely will come back again
Great food here,  and the staff is really nice. 
Great food, good service, but wait for tables can be long
Their seared pork is absolutely amazing and I order it every time. Quick service and attentive staff. Very reasonably priced! The service is great. 
The customer service is terrible with an employee and her boyfriend spreading mulch and then going to the counter to take your order and to handle your food. 
 also for the service. 
Clean restaurant fast service
 and yet also claim that they're going to get it fixed next week? When I asked this poor excuse for a manager. 
 she turned her back on me and serviced the drive-thru window. 
 this place has no air-conditioning even though their rude manager. 
The sandwiches were good and service was friendly at the drive thru. 
Service is slow at the drive thru. 
 it was near closing and they were really understaffed. 
  The staff treats you like their doing you a favor. 
 the manager was working and he had my food ready and i came to pick it up and checked my order for accuracy. 
 the cashier rang it up wrong i guess and the manager tarted to be rude to me and started yelling at me. 
 customer service? not good
I have never experienced the negative experiences with customer services others have had. 
 The service is not very good either. 
 The manager tries to appear friendly and professional . 
 what do you expect from a customer service job? Guess the entire staff puts up with it because they need the money because I can't see them doing the job for fun. 
Pros: Fast service before 11:30. 
  I can't reverse the service charge so it doesn't matter anymore. 
 worst customer service ever. 
 muttering that it didn't work until a manager (the one short lady with the unnaturally high bangs) smugly goes. 
  They always have great consistent service. 
Customer Service: 5. 
Fast service by pleasant people. 
for THIS kind of service we're supposed to support the idea of $15 per hour for fast food employees? this was a service disaster
t service from the awful girl at the window?
 the service has gotten progressively worse since the re-opening and I think I'll take the time to drive to the Rose Drive location the next time we get a Carl's craving. 
 to notice I was so cheered up by the staff who actually went above and beyond for me. 
  The service can sometimes be a little testy (can't blame them with the student clientele). 
[STAFF]
 customer service wasn't too out of this world . 
 the staff was pretty good at handling the line. 
Staff were nice and it's great to see Chipotle hires people from all walks of life it was a very diverse group of staff here love it. 
 I rather drive a little better for better service
 It was terrible customer service. 
Service is kinda splotchy there too. 
 so customer service can be a bit inconsistent. 
It seems like this Chipotle forgoes good service in the name of profits. 
 Service quality varies. 
 as for me Chipotles quality of food is garbage and the customer service was terrible. 
 the manager gave me one full tray when I stopped by again. 
They were probably short staffed because the cashier kept running to clean up . 
 if you don't have the resources to uphold your customer service. 
*Customer Service: 
 I am willing to drive the extra miles for the classic Chipotle service & food quality. 
The worst service. 
 it just seemed like the entire staff was in such a rush to get everyone's order done no one is working together efficiently. 
 great service. 
Just because it is fast food doesn't mean the service has to be so terrible. 
If you don't care about customer service. 
Seeing how much people complain about their customer service. 
 the service sucks. 
Definitely agree with the other ratings about the rudeness of the staff. 
the manager Chewey gave me a free entree card. 
Great customer service & delicious food here. 
THE SERVICE SUCKS. 
beans - Next bitch gives you the most stingiest serving of ingredients - Then you top it off with the a bullshit smile from the manager. 
Am I the only one? or I'm getting this service because I am Asian? Nah. 
 service sucks. 
 seems like they need a new staff. 
Alright now onto their shitty service. 
People mention that the staff is rude. 
I recommend the manager of this location to pay better attention to the way the team provides a service. 
Staffers are fast and friendly. 
The staff here is just okay. 
BUT the service sucks (compared to other locations). 
Service sucks. 
The service was great when I went. 
 for the quality and service. 
Service is quick and they're really friendly. 
 better service. 
Service is always great. 
 or just want to get the staff out of their usual burrito and burrito bowl grind. 
 The service here is pretty good. 
This branch is filled with friendly staff and the embience you expect from a tin-wrapped burrito joint. 
Service is quick here and sometimes it does feel like a fast food joint. 
Service is efficient and resembles an assembly line. 
 technically they are not closed and that is not good customer service at all. 
The staff is pretty friendly and I was always satisfied with the food. 
manager and showed him the little creatures. 
  *sigh*  At that point I was too disgusted with the gnats and the staff's behavior to even bother to complain. 
  The service was ok this time. 
the service was quick and very. 
 I started stuttering out an apology and grabbing napkins to help clean off the man when some of the staff came rushing out with a broom. 
The service is usually pretty quick though sometimes I think they focus more on getting food done quickly than being friendly and not seeming rushed. 
 no waiter service. 
 The service was nice and he made fresh garlic naan so I waited for about 5 minutes are so and I was on my merry way. 
 Service: 4. 
The Service is fast and you cant beat the price. 
customers service was nice. 
 Friendly service 
 Friendly service
 I'll be back for their pricing and speed of service :D
Service was fast. 
The service is not friendly. 
The food quality and the service is great. 
 this place is an ok place for a quick and friendly service. 
Service: 4 Stars
 and the customer service is fantastic. 
 good service. 
 I didn't expect super fresh from a quick service place. 
 I have to say that I was very disappointed as I know other quick service spots I have been to were much better. 
 After service. 
 The wait and service are dull and not their strong suite. 
 The staff were all Indians. 
 Nice service to offer me the tasting for curries. 
It's a quick service place - you pick whatever on the warmer. 
 tooootally worth it) and pretty nice service. 
 Their service is kind a like panda express and a person is always more than full with the 2 item combo. 
 The service was attentive and friendly. 
Service was good. 
 The service was great and the food was delicious
 But if you're looking for good food quick with great service. 
Parking has never been a problem and the staff has always been kind. 
 I would much rather drive an extra 10 minutes and call in my order at a real Indian restaurant that can offer me better service and food for about $5 more bucks. 
 service was fine. 
Staff was very nice and definitely four star also. 
We were greeted with great customer service very friendly and even offered samples to help us decide what to order. 
 Oh and I can't forget how great the staff and service is here. 
What stands out here is the service. 
I came here today for lunch with my brother and have probably received the best service ive ever had at any Korean BBQ and ive been eating KBB for almost 10 years. 
 He exemplifies what customer service is and Mr BBQ is lucky to have this guy working for them. 
 I kind of feel bad for the staff because on top of their normal duties. 
The service was really good. 
 My server was Vanessa and she was super helpful and had great service. 
 And the service - WOW. 
 BBQ has been compared to Gen for superior quality meats and service. 
Service: fast and efficient. 
Service was so much better than other AYCE places I've been to. 
Service was attentive and price was fair. 
Service here was top notch and our server was very quick in putting in our meat orders and restocking the rice paper and other sides. 
Another bright spot here is the service. 
  Other than that the food and service is 5 stars. 
-So the service is amazing the staff are very friendly and nice and they REALLY sing and dance to you for your birthday. 
 it offers supreme service for the genre. 
The staff is wicked quick with a grill change and they make the beer flow like an avalanche. 
Service: 6 stars
Now in terms service. 
Service (4): Typical good KBBQ service. 
 that does not excuse THIS particular server on THIS particular day to to give us SUBPAR service. 
 Great quality meat and amazing service. 
 Customer Service: Top notch. 
 This place has the best customer service of any KBBQ restaurant I've been to. 
 the staff here was extremely accommodating to our party (even at the volume of customers). 
Service was ok. 
 their service was pretty good. 
 Friendly host staff and large wait staff. 
 i've been to many Korean BBQ joints and this is by far the best customer service we have experienced. 
 Kinda reminded me of Fogo De Chao Steakhouse Service . 
 Service was so good that i'm mentioning it twice. 
 service was great. 
First the service here is OUTSTANDING. 
  They actually provide service and cook and cut for you. 
Service:
 the best service I've had in a KBBQ restaurant. 
 the best service I've ever had in a restaurant in general. 
 rap song and have their entire staff dance in front of you. 
The young staff always changed the grill. 
The thing that makes this place stand out the most is the service. 
 I've had good service at KBBQ restaurants before. 
 the service was not that great. 
The staff is friendly and always willing to help. 
Service: The staff was really attentive in taking orders and bringing them out promptly and there was never a moment where I had to flag someone down. 
Service was good which you normally don't  expect from busy kbbq places. 
Service was attentive and the selection was incredible. 
 The restaurant is huge and the staff changed out the grills regularly and seemlessly. 
Service: friendly. 
 the staff is very friendly and they will give you what you ask in time. 
 and attentive service
The service here was spectacular and really set them apart from the other AYCE bbq restaurants. 
 sides are good and service here is always great. 
Service 3. 
 fast service and great price. 
 Super nice staff. 
 BBQ in Fullerton is one of the best spots and only spots I go to for the best quality food and excellent service. 
 & I go back to this location is the exceptional service. 
 The entire staff is fun. 
 and on top of customer service. 
 he is a natural at exceptional customer service. 
 What I also appreciate is their accommodating service. 
Service - incredibly prompt and friendly 
 about ten good sides plus excelent service. 
 consistently excellent service. 
Service could of not been anymore perfect. 
 True definition of customer service. 
 This establishment shines above any other Korean BBQ experience because of their stance on superior customer service. 
Service is always top notch here. 
 super friendly staff. 
Parking is always an issue here so they had to start a valet service for $2 on the weekends. 
 why it's sooo packed - their service and meat quality is really good. 
- Staff really go all out when it comes to singing happy birthday for birthday people. 
immediately service was on point from our waiter Peter who greeted us and made us feel real welcome. 
 service is always good. 
 because I always feel like service is always the hard part with Korean bbq restaurants. 
The genuine happiness on the staffs faces while singing happy birthday was a sight to see. 
NOTE: they make the entire staff sing for you on your birthday
You belong at Cham Sut Gol with your poor attitude and service. 
 The only real standout here was the service. 
 Service is good. 
Very attentive service. 
 service. 
Service was great. 
Great service. 
 Service is fast and they exchange your grill quickly too. 
 Service was superb and quick. 
The service really stood out to me here. 
Service: Awesome. 
 Too bad my sister was too shy so I didn't tell the staff it was her bday haha. 
  The service was perfect. 
The service was outstanding as well. 
 I only wish every restaurant I went to had the same level of service. 
Now here is the part that blew me away: the service for the kids. 
 Great food and service and I was glad I didn't have to wait
 Service was pretty good. 
 Service was prompt. 
The service here is absolutely amazing and easily puts big chain KBBQ competitors like Gen to shame. 
 the staff is so attentive that you'll be full before time's up. 
 And if it's your birthday the staff will totally call you out and do the Harlem Shake (https:. 
What's the price for such attentive service? A really long wait. 
service was also not what i remembered. 
 Friendly staff. 
Could easily be a 5star if the service improves. 
  They played in da club (go shorty it's your birthday) by 50 cent on the speakers and all the wait staff came out to our table singing along and cheering me. 
  The manager came by and asked how our evening and meal was at the end of our dinner and thanked us for being there as well as wishing me a happy birthday. 
One of the charms of Mr BBQ is that they have good service. 
 The best service I have gotten at AYCE. 
 that was the best service I received in America. 
 And they definitely made up for the service we received before. 
Also can't forgot the exceptional service that we had from our server. 
Great service. 
Service: Always great. 
Service here is: BEYOND EXCEPTIONAL. 
 Really speedy service even though it was so busy. 
The wait staff is awesome. 
 Service overall is just okay. 
Service: Fantasic. 
Cleanliness:  Just as great as the service
Service was dedicated waiters rather than the zone defense most ayce places employ. 
Service was really good. 
As for the service. 
 I'm a server too and I really really appreciated the great customer service she provided. 
They honestly possess top notch customer service. 
 Service is excellent and although the speed of meat slowed a bit after our first hour or so. 
 Service was excellent. 
 Very exceptional and prompt service from her. 
Service here is great. 
 every worker provides great customer service. 
 service is great. 
I'm only giving them 4 stars because the wait time is ridiculous and the service was meh. 
 service was not the greatest and we were not checked on very often. 
 one must comment on the noticeable high level of customer service here. 
- - service - -
 for the great service. 
 the food and the service were exceptional. 
Service:
  The service was great. 
Great service. 
The service was nice and friendly. 
 Service has always been on point. 
Our service was really great. 
STEPH JUDGEMENT: Quality and service are great . 
Service was friendly and attentive save one slip-up toward the middle of our meal when one order lapped the previous one. 
 The food and the service were on point. 
 BBQ's staff offer great service and are attentive. 
 Service is a bit slow and they might miss whatever you order sometimes. 
Costumer service was the only thing that was Excellent   
Won't find service like this at Disneyland haha. 
  Really great KBBQ food and drink and service all around. 
The service was insanely friendly. 
 It's very high quality and the service is amazing. 
 attentive service. 
Thank you Brian or Breezy for your excellent service. 
 that's probably just because they want to make sure the staff has enough time to provide stellar service to their guests. 
 the staff is friendly. 
Service here is awesome. 
But what really blew me away was the service. 
Service. 
 Food and service are A1 top notch. 
 I had such amazing service here with how accommodating they were about everything we asked for. 
 the best service that I've ever recieved at any kbbq place. 
 I was so happy with our service. 
 The WHOLE entire floor staff came out with like tambourines and a bazooka (is that what it's called? Idk) and sang Happy Birthday to her. 
I love this place and will definitely be back for the fine service and delicious food. 
  Service is above-average. 
The customer service here is also outstanding. 
 This is probably one of the first kbbq spots I've been to without a service bell. 
The staff though is really nice which is why I gave it 2 stars. 
Service: Their food is what keeps me coming back . 
 their customer service is what puts them over the top from those other KBBQ restaurants in Orange County. 
  If only all restaurant service was like theirs. 
 Truly great customer service from top to bottom. 
 Their food is amazing and their customer service is even better. 
 Customer Service
 BBQ once you get seated from the long wait is the service. 
 well worth it for quality and some of the most attentive service of my life. 
And the service was great. 
Service is great. 
 customer service:  is amazing even though they weren't our waiters. 
Service: Service here is good. 
 great service. 
 and overall excellent service. 
THE SERVICE IS AWESOME . 
 All the staff was gracious. 
 I would come here again for the service and atmosphere. 
The service was great though. 
Mr BBQ has won me over with superb service and great selection of quality meats. 
Service was incredible. 
 just writing this makes me want to cry because I've never had such amazing service. 
 Lol so girly right? But thank you for the full service . 
  Top notch service. 
Service: 5 Stars
 The service is really good here compared to many other places. 
 Love that nearly all of the staffs party it up when it's your birthday and blasting edm. 
 They do charge $1 for this service. 
Outstanding service. 
Along with that the service has always been a plus. 
 It is the first time in a long time that we have seen and experienced such service. 
 terrific meats and delicious banchan coupled with INCREDIBLE service. 
 Amazing how have such incredible service takes everything up a notch. 
  Christine seriously has made me question every putting up with the way sub par service we have gotten here and there for the sake of decent food. 
 I look forward to returning for both the meal and the service. 
The service was fantastic and the quality of meat was fresh tasted great and seemed to be of the highest quality. 
 The restaurant seemed to be understaffed. 
Service. 
 If you don't care for the quality of the food or service and just want to watch a football game. 
SERVICE
Great service. 
 I was unaware that this was our fault that the staff here went to every single table . 
 due to other one and two star reviews complaining about the horrid customer service even on slow days. 
It seems that bad service is a common issue at this location. 
Your additional bad attitude to customers who had a bad experience is also a reflection of you and the staff here as this seems to be common practice. 
 complaining about his horrible customer service experience at another business makes this even more hypocritical and funny. 
I don't know why other reviewers gave them only 1 star claiming their service is terrible. 
 the service will be slower. 
 the service stood out. 
The manager greeted me warmly. 
 But the service? The blonde girl who waited on our table was snotty and is the reason why we now walk right past their restaurant anytime we're nearby. 
 one star for service. 
 Great service. 
 you see waiters and or managers hustling about getting things done. 
It is clear by watching the staff work. 
 the service would be horrible. 
 Both times we've been here on Monday & Thursday the service has been good. 
 I'll leave you 20% on average service and up from there so just want you to know you earned all 10%
I am editing this to add that the server and service was excellent. 
 the crowd was getting ruckus and the staff swapped the sound from the television across the way to the screen directly above my wife. 
 the Groupon we have is ONLY good for this fabulous location whose service is horrendous. 
 service and food was outstanding . 
  Not only did the manager change the station. 
 Service is good. 
 I think I saw a floor manager. 
The manager brings out the side of fries - finally. 
 If I'm gonna pay 19 bucks for a medium 2-topping pizza I expect more than a bunch of forgetful staff members and having to clean my own booth and get my own plates. 
Service is annoying. 
  Usually the associate managers are the ones in charge. 
The service was not so bad as other reviews mention. 
 their house brew is perfectly serviceable. 
  We dig good service. 
Service: excellent. 
 Jasmine the manager was very attentive and super nice. 
Service was average. 
  We went to the one in Tustin by our house and we weren't impressed with the food or service. 
 service and prices need to be improved. 
Service: Taylor. 
What didn't do it for me this trip was the service. 
 the service leaves much to be desired. 
 service is 2. 
 frustrated only because the service was slow and the excuse. 
 the service was horrid. 
 I can go on and on about the service . 
 that means I'll be spending more time describing the service itself than the actual service I received. 
 don't go here unless you want to have terrible service. 
every time we come here the food is really good and the service is good as well. 
Service was great. 
 with a great staff. 
Service overall was good . 
The service was atrocious. 
The manager tries to resolve the situation and gets us another. 
 As we were leaving I asked another associate to speak with the manager. 
 who is the manager on duty? Our waitress. 
 I just went to the manager. 
  I just paid the bill anyway because I was just over the situation and the manager wouldn't do anything about it. 
Service was OK - I could see why others complained. 
 I simply feel they are under staffed. 
 The bartender even acknowledged that it was pricey and that she should validate my ticket "just in case" - which I thought was good service. 
 Very Good Happy Hour Menu - pizza needs a bit of work and a little slow on service. 
 it is so loud I'd wager the staff should be legally required to wear hearing protection. 
I do have to take two stars off for service. 
 It seems that they staff the restaurant with only a few of the same servers and bartenders because that's who I see working every time I come in. 
 They seem consistently understaffed and on multiple occasions I have had to wait more than 10 minutes for service. 
One time we watched the assistant manager smoke a cigarette and chit chat with the manager outside while my food order was wrong. 
 Service always amazing. 
We stood around for a few minutes to be seated since no one was manning the front desk. 
 new server or hopefully they can work it out between the staff instead of front of the customer which they did). 
One of the manager's who's a woman needs to be FIRED. 
 Worst service ever. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 the service was atrocious. 
 The worst part was hearing every other table and bar patron complain about the wait & the staff's attitude. 
 the bar was severely understaffed. 
Service wasn't very attentive. 
One of the manager's who's a woman needs to be FIRED. 
 Worst service ever. 
 My friends needed to approach the staff to place an order instead. 
 the service was atrocious. 
 The worst part was hearing every other table and bar patron complain about the wait & the staff's attitude. 
 the bar was severely understaffed. 
Service wasn't very attentive. 
 not the service. 
 We were greeted promptly at the desk and our waiter was quite prompt with menus and taking our drink order. 
Service on the other hand was pretty Damn bad. 
 Then the bartenders serving us were sitting in a back corner eating and talking while they had people who clearly need service( including our table). 
 Highly disappointed in service food was enough to give them 2 stars. 
The service is amazing I mean if you get a chance to be served by zack hes awesome tip him $20 cause this will be the best service ever. 
The staff is just so friendly in general. 
 Tons of staff. 
Complained to the manager and left. 
 and table service to boot. 
The staff is helpful and friendly. 
 the service sometimes slower for bigger groups. 
 wait staff will take the time to patiently explain the beer selection to my hard of hearing husband. 
 So eventually they took too long and I ask for my money back so finally the manager comes out off her lazy ass to ask wheres my receipt. 
 this location has very poor service. 
  The staff has already begun to shut down. 
 the staff does try to get your entree ready. 
The place gets very busy and under staffed so it's not kept clean. 
 The service was bad. 
  Had I been going on customer service only you would have gotten zero stars. 
 never seen one so poorly staffed and run especially at lunch time. 
I also did a kids meal which the manager frowned upon . 
  Why can't all places take this same approach to customer service?
 you get staffs that likes to skimp and give you barely enough of an entree. 
The 2nd staff  (old Chinese lady) who worked at the main section of the food line. 
Previously I asked the 1st staff if they are making a new fresh batch of mushrm. 
  After she volley me to the 2nd staff. 
If you want to gamble on service or don't mind being skimped on. 
Service was nice enough. 
 here? Friendly staff was a good start. 
 the speed of service could be improved. 
-GREAT friendly service
  Food is always reliable and service is typically exceptional and right on point. 
Biggest customer service fail ever. 
 wasn't able to give an accurate take of your customer service fail. 
 since their customer service is AMAZING. 
The staff here is super nice. 
SERVICE
Service during my visit is probably the only thing that is saving this review. 
 was the manager and so understanding of all my issues. 
 and the staff is friendly so there's no real reason not to come unless you just don't like Panera. 
Service- Average
 I want service. 
Customer Service: 5. 
 I thought this location was quite lacking in service. 
The service was not terrible. 
 the managers need to be friendlier at the registers (you can spot them in black. 
 They're even worse at customer service than their associates. 
     The place was disheveled and the staff were all college kids standing around talking in a group of 4 with their regular clothes on and one of them wearing their back pack. 
Service here is usually great and friendly. 
 service is good. 
   What confirmed the genuineness for me was Chris (manager? If not. 
 with subpar service (at least this location). 
 3 staff members busy handing inventory sprang to their registers the moment 3 customers approached the counter. 
The service was not terrible. 
 Customer service there is great and I haven't had any issues with my food at all. 
 having gone this far with their services. 
 is the staff. 
*There were plenty of staff standing around texting or chit chatting 
Corporate needs to hire a seasoned Manager older than 35 to manage this site. 
 The chirpy Manager seemed more concerned with being everyone's friend and being positive than adhering to the healthcode standards or cleanliness or managing staff. 
Service remains hit or miss. 
  This is the service that I get most of the time. 
 the deities smile upon me and make the experience a pleasant one by providing a cashier who actually does give a fack about her impact on the customer service issue. 
 Anthony (the manager) didn't even give me a choice between bread or chips. 
 The manager was a little hasty. 
 minus 1 more for the manager's sauciness. 
I'm writing a review today based on service here. 
That's awesome excellent service. 
drink) is it's huge and the staff don't bother you if you're there for hours working on a project. 
 the service is fairly prompt. 
Service is minimum wage quality. 
The cashiers could use some courses in hospitality though. 
I found both the quality of the food and the service to be inconsistant here. 
Sometimes the staff is great. 
 I'm pretty sure your rude behavior is in no way motivating to the staff. 
 the service has always been superb. 
great staff. 
The staff are good. 
They have decent service. 
 and spoke with the general manager. 
Staff is helpful. 
 The manager said that there is a fresh urn brewing . 
Also the service is AWFUL. 
 The managers with the exception of Mike all have terrible manners and talk about personal matters in front of customers. 
 she asked the manager where she could find it and the manager said. 
 Too bad poor customer service was noticeable in the five minutes I was there. 
  Service used to be good . 
 now it seems staff got their training cut short. 
 I recently went to Panera for brunch take-out and had the worst service ever from the cashier. 
 One thing I can't complain about is the manager. 
Staff is attentive and friendly. 
 The service is usually excellent. 
 The staff is courteous and friendly. 
 the service is great. 
The service is always great. 
  The service is always really great. 
The service here was okay. 
 the food quality and great service is well worth the extra $$. 
 and the service is painfully slow and crazy. 
 the food and service are bleh. 
 They're staff are crazy nice and fast and efficient even though they are always busy. 
This place has terrible customer service. 
 Greeeaaaaatt customer service. 
 and just left since it was probably the worst service I've ever received anywhere. 
Service is lacking. 
Service: We had 2 welcoming servers and they both wore smiles on their faces the entire time. 
Service here is fast. 
 you still get great service. 
The service was a bit spotty and even though we were very nice and said thank you with a smile. 
 Service - Very friendly. 
  The staff was friendly and really nice. 
Service is good. 
 Even though service was friendly and they bring the food out to you in a timely manner. 
The service was just as crappy as it was the first time. 
 really really bad service. 
 below average service. 
Mediocre to poor service. 
Friendly staff. 
 the service was ultimately attentive in the beginning . 
Pho Olivia is nicer than most noodle spots and the service was friendly and helpful which is absolutely non-existent elsewhere. 
Service 4. 
 Bonus points for how quick the service is here. 
5) worse part about this entire situation is the manager. 
 So any thoughts that the service was poor because they were busy cannot be used. 
In conclusion this establishment has horrible service for mediocre food. 
The place looks very nice and the people that work here are very polite and offer a great service. 
Service was nice and quick. 
Service: A
 with great service? I'm down. 
 The service is friendly and prompt. 
-Service was great. 
Service was excellent as the servers came by our table frequently. 
 The interior was upscale and clean and service was great. 
Service was friendly and quick. 
 so was the service. 
 Their customer service is POOR. 
Very clean and very friendly staff 
  The staff warm and friendly. 
 they did have control on customer service. 
 The service was prompt and courteous. 
  The service was excellent and welcoming. 
The service here is fast. 
 the staff can see everyone. 
  Overall the food was very good and service was friendly and prompt. 
honest service. 
Now for the Service. 
The service is pretty bad though except for the host he's very friendly. 
Service was kind and smiley. 
Service on the other hand was excellent. 
 The service is awesome. 
Service - Yay. 
Customer Service (Complimentary) - Yay. 
Service
   That kind of customer service screams. 
Customer service sucks with mediocre pho soup. 
 Then I told the manager. 
Customer service is horrible. 
 I have never seen worse customer service in my life. 
A star for good service tho. 
The staff is very attentive and very very friendly. 
SERVICE AND SETTING
  Service tends to be decent. 
SERVICE: 1 star
Wasn't expecting much from service since Pho places aren't known for greeeeat service you know? . 
 clean and the staff are always pleasant. 
 the service was good. 
The service was a little slow. 
 Food is great and service is great. 
 their service was in my opinion excellent. 
The service is always great and efficient. 
 I love the service and the atmosphere so much (and what I've got isn't contagious) I decided to dine in and I wasn't disappointed. 
Service like all Pho places was fast. 
Service:  Good. 
The service here was mediocre. 
Service: 10. 
 You walk in and are immediately greated with warm friendly service. 
 Food arrived within minutes of orders (literally the fastest sit down service I've ever had). 
 the ambiance is relaxing and the service couldn't be better. 
  The staffs are very friendly and their service is of the highest quality. 
Olivia- you need a new rule for your wait staff: NO LAPTOPS IN THE RESTAURANT. 
 The shorter waiter just couldn't break his attention away from what appeared to be a movie on the laptop in the staff booth at the rear. 
 And gotta mention the service is great too. 
 very rare to receive good service at any vietnamese restaurant. 
Service was attentive. 
The staff was really nice as well. 
  Staff was great - made recommendations and were very nice. 
The staff was very friendly and the decor is elegant. 
I've been here twice now and each time the service has been impeccable. 
 I sure do love a place with good service. 
 service. 
The staff is friendly & the ambiance. 
Very good service. 
  Service is always attentive. 
  Here you get good food and good service with an ambience of RELAX . 
 One waiter also had pretty good service and came to refill our drinks without being asked. 
 and friendly service makes this a pleasant pho cafe to dine at. 
 no customer service whatsoever to speak of. 
 helpful staff. 
 and manager Alexandria said their other locations may soon be offering it for the summer. 
 Very friendly and upbeat service. 
Service was friendly. 
 they do go by very quickly thanks to the service. 
The manager also came around while my group and I were eating to ask if we needed anything and also told us about their email club. 
 the service was great and kind. 
The service was quick and efficient. 
 the staff is polite. 
 Though once a staff member got annoyed when I asked for BBQ sauce. 
 Great staff and customer service. 
The staff and food here are the best. 
 If the manager reads this please give Gabe a raise. 
Service is quicker than I expected. 
This Fullerton Pieology has always been consistent in its performance (pizza quality has been the same) and its service (the pizzas come out pretty quickly). 
 Great service. 
 and the service was really fast. 
Service is fast. 
I came here a little bit earlier than when it opened which is 11am  and when the manager (assuming) opened the doors. 
 Service is really fast even on a crowded day (been here a few times beforehand already. 
- manager walks the area to ask how everyone is doing
- friendly staff
 Staff was nice and very helpful. 
The service here is always friendly and are very generous on the topping in my opinion. 
The service is awesome as well. 
Staff is very friendly. 
 So freakin' delicious and the service is superb. 
Very friendly staff. 
I was upset enough to complain to a manager. 
 one of the managers were sitting at a table having a pow-wow. 
staff would not acknowledge their negligence and lack of concern. 
 and LACK of priority #1-customer service. 
 Also the condiments were empty and had to ask from the manager. 
The customer service STILL sucks. 
I wish the customer service was better. 
Customer service:  Awesome they are always so sweet and accommodating even when they stare at me like "you really want more toppings?"  YES UNLIMITED IS FREE. 
What the heck did he say? Disastrous? This guy needed to go to SERVICE-OLOGY. 
  My second gripe is that with so much staff around. 
  I would've given this place 4 stars BUT the staff really did make this a 5 star place. 
  The manager cleaned up after previous guests in order for us to take a table in the shade away from the window and spoke to us about our day and the location and we were pleasantly surprised by his friendliness. 
  So for the awesome staff and the good pizza. 
  Thanks to all the staff for their kindness and suggestions on the pizza. 
Fast service? No problem. 
Service: Could be improved--my gripe is that the employees don't always listen to the customer's preferences (my friend actually just wanted ricotta cheese . 
  The Manager stopped by to say hello. 
  The staff is very friendly and efficient. 
the service is quick. 
Friendly staff that seems like they truly enjoy their job
 The staff is just a little below par in the head cheese department. 
Service 3***Star (they finally got it right)
 I seriously pointed at EVERYTHING and the staff member was very patient with me going back and forth in the trays of toppings when I spotted another cool thing to add to my pizza. 
 staff is on the decline. 
It's quick and  friendly service. 
 this location had bad service. 
 I heard Irvine had better service and is more generous with their items. 
Service: 
 I did not care for the service at all. 
 service is PRETTY QUICK. 
 its just all the subtle qualities in the service. 
  Service is pretty good. 
 friendly staff. 
 great service. 
I run customer service based businesses and I would be very upset if my employees treated my customers like that. 
Great service. 
 Pizza and service is still amazing though :)
One good note is that the staff was pleasant and friendly. 
 Staff was friendly except the guy that was on the veggie station. 
SERVICE:
 Self-service for most of everything else after you pay. 
The service was really good. 
~5 Star Service: This place has "Sam the Man. 
 It was his service that will make me come back. 
 some unhappy staff
 The service was good and the pizzas were done pretty quickly. 
The manager even gave me beer samples to try. 
The décor is nice and staff was friendly. 
Service fantastic. 
 It was bomb  the service was very friendly & employees were patient as well. 
 service. 
Service - They workers were really nice. 
  This is one service that puts them on top over Pieology. 
 Maybe I'll ask for extra garlic next time - the service here seems fantastic so I don't think it'll be a problem. 
The service was pretty good. 
The customer service was EXCEPTIONAL. 
Customer Service: 5. 
 and the staff was nice. 
SERVICE & PARKING . 
 Other than being a little scarce with my spinach and artichoke hearts (don't limit my spinach lol) service was good. 
Service: Great. 
The service here is great. 
 I still wouldn't give this 5 stars yet because of the service. 
 Customer service was very nice and attentive. 
 I don't know if it is the ingredients or staff or both. 
 this location has managed to Mimic the killer service and quality offered at the original. 
 Their ingredients are always looking freshest and the staff are pretty baller. 
 it was a great experience and their FOH (front of house) staff was very friendly and accommodating. 
 Great service points in which she told me this tip and put oil on top so mine wouldn't burn in the oven and it came out perfect. 
The customer service could use some improvement. 
I will be coming back regardless of the customer service being mediocre. 
 the customer service brought it down to 4. 
 The staff are knowledgable about beer and will make you a good recommendation. 
SERVICE: Pieology. 
 I was very satisfied with the food with great customer service as well. 
 and their customer service is superb. 
 Bad service. 
Service was amazing I was asked by nearly everyone worker how I was doing. 
 Their customer service and friendly service is also great as well. 
 Took less then 5 min to make and staff super friendly. 
However- understaffed. 
I've read in a lot of the reviews about how great their customer service is and how they greet you right away. 
  The spot is clean and the staff is on point. 
  Thanks Guy for your suggestion on the pizza and your friendly service. 
But I really appreciate their customer service. 
The staff was great and super accommodating to my over the top toppings on my pizza. 
The service was great and the workers were super sweet. 
The service wasn't great- I got skipped in line. 
fast customer service and the quality food. 
Staff was great. 
I feel bad for the staff. 
 the service is ok. 
Polite staff - and they work quickly to move the line if there is one. 
 we didn't have any trouble with the employees so that's always a good thing because customer service is the most important thing to me. 
 and decent service - Ill keep this location as my "go-to" subway. 
Service is inconsistent here. 
 I feel like every time I come in (3x a week minimum) there's new staff. 
The two employees that were working at the store this evening were NOT customer service oriented and really made the entire experience awkward. 
 Usually I get great customer service from this store. 
 the service I received this evening and the lack luster quality of the sandwich has left a negative experience on my mind. 
 I have worked in the customer service and hospitality industry for 10 years and the service I received this evening really was horrendous. 
I have already sent this complaint into Subway via their customer service form: http:. 
frmCustomerService. 
Service was terrible today. 
Staff has always been good. 
To start: the staff is awesome. 
Customer service is good. 
Service:
- Good service. 
The service has always been good. 
Customer Service: 5. 
SERVICE
Today service was lacking. 
 and service is delivered often and with a smile. 
 so we know what real Thai food is and are used to excellent service. 
Service is good . 
 I had really great service and then the last time I went the service was really bad (maybe it was because it was busy). 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 They don't have the best customer service . 
Service was friendly and attentive. 
If service is a little faster and a little more friendly. 
 This place is really busy during dinner and unfortunately it's around that time that service starts to slack a little. 
I'm impressed with how good the service is considering how busy this place gets around dinner. 
 their pick up and online service is amazing too :)
The service is good. 
 The service is definitely a big reason on why this place is as good as it is IMHO. 
The service is quick and the place is very clean. 
 the customer service is HORRIBLE. 
 Seriously some of the RUDEST service I've ever been subjected to. 
Service was good. 
 Only thing was that the wait staff talked a lot and forgot to refill our water more than once. 
The food wasn't that great enough for me to want to come back anymore and the service was terrible. 
  Service was ok and I had nothing to complain about in that area. 
 service was fine. 
It gets pretty packed on Friday evenings so be prepared to wait and have slow service. 
 Staff was super friendly. 
 I asked the lovely staff what menu items are best for hands and take out. 
Friendly service . 
 The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. 
 Between the horrible service and mediocre food this is definitely not on my list to return to. 
With the customer service they have (which is common in most Asian restaurants). 
 Super friendly staff. 
The customer service isn't great. 
Looking at some of the other reviews I'm really surprised to see complaints about the service and the food. 
 as does the chef and staff. 
 though Cal State is only blocks away and a lot of faculty and staff head there for lunch. 
It's a shame because the service was a disappointment (to us at least) and it seems like their portions shrank over the years. 
 Service isn't the best. 
Service:
Typically when I review I compare against other Thai restaurants I've been to and the level of food standard and service. 
 While we were eating the entire staff was standing. 
 The staff is great. 
Service can be a bit lacking as they seemed to be understaffed during peak hours. 
Service: 
 The service is decent. 
 The staff is friendly and quality of food is very tasty. 
The staff is friendly as well. 
The only downfall I can see if the crowds and the service. 
The service here wasn't that great when I went. 
BUT it's okay because I care more about food than service. 
 Service is SO good here. 
 i like the service & the food is consistent and tasty enough to satisfy my thai food cravings. 
 Service was good. 
The customer service was good at first . 
 that sort of preferential service is a bit rude. 
 The service was okay and every time I've gone. 
Service - 4
Friendly service. 
Service was fast and friendly. 
 The flavors are quite authentic since most of the staff here are Japanese workers. 
Service is very friendly and the place is very clean. 
 anything---their quality of the service including the speed of taking order and the time until the food comes. 
 we never felt rushed and the staff didn't drop off our checks to hurry us out. 
 At least the price and service was good. 
Service is always quick and attentive. 
Service:
- Nice staff. 
Service was standard. 
 You can tell by the service and the cleanliness of the interior that this restaurant is a labor of love. 
 The service is good. 
 What really knocks down the stars is that the service system is kinda a mess. 
 I don't think the wait staff have designated part or whatever bc they were all over and I guess just assume you had already been served by someone else. 
Service was fantastic at this location. 
 great service. 
 The service here is alright. 
The service was fast and our waiter was nice. 
 The service is actually quite good for how busy they are. 
The Service: Not bad. 
Service was very fast and attentive. 
  Service can definitely be better. 
Great service . 
 friendly staff . 
  Service is very good here. 
 and good service. 
Also the staff were very friendly and the restaurant had an urban charm. 
 Maybe I forgot to ask for an egg? Service was superb. 
 expect service to be slow. 
 great service and great food. 
 the service was great. 
 They were packed and the wait staff was doing there job serving everyone efficiently. 
Service was decent. 
Service: The waitress was friendly and nice. 
 If you want a simple ramen setting with fast service. 
Service was friendly and efficient. 
