Best KBBQ! Excellent service, and excellent food! Dinner AYCE is $23 but it's definitely worth it! Used to eat at Gen Korean BBQ but this one beats it. Definitely give this place a try, wait might be long though 
One of the best AYCE korean BBQ places.  Clean space, severs friendly and the meat is delicious!  This place can get a bit loud so don't expect to have quiet and sweet romantic moments.  This place is about stuffing your face with some darn good Korean BBQ!  Wait can be very long, but you can't blame them for being popular it just means the food is good.  They do give you a buzzer with a number so you can sit in the car or walk a max distance of 1 mile away (this is according to the severs I did not test it).  If it is your birthday let them know and be prepared to get embarrassed.
My new favorite AYCE KBBQ spot. We came at 6pm on a Thursday night, and the wait was about 35 minutes. By 6:30, the wait was about an hour. The service was the best I've ever received at a KBBQ restaurant. The servers were quick and friendly. I loved it! The server even brought out a kids tray for my son. So kid-friendly! The sides were all so good, and there were plenty of different sides. The meat was also some of the best that I've ever tried! I also enjoyed the small scoop of mint and chip ice cream at the end. It was the perfect way to end the meal. I'll be returning here often!The BEST KBBQ place around. Hands down. The food is delicious, they give you plenty of appetizers and don’t mind refilling them. When I asked for a lot of rice paper, guess what? They brought a ton of rice paper and kept me filled up  the whole time I was there. Most of the time, I didn’t even need to mention that I was running out and they would bring more.
There is usually a long wait for a table here. Sometimes over an hour depending on your party size, but it’s well worth the wait over any of the other Korean BBQ places in the Orange County area. And they somehow manage to do it while being an all you can eat place.
The problem I have with this place is the extremely loud, and very bright atmosphere. Kids screaming and running around wow... dangerous.
Quality of meat and service makes this Korean bbq a good time. Went with a party of six and we enjoyed almost every cut of meat from pork cheek to filet. Beer is good but they lose a star for surrounding us with tv's like this is a sports bar.
The meat selection is very good.  The quality of meat is excellent.  In addition the portion size is larger than other places.  The marinated meats are all excellent also.  Side dishes good too.  I really can't find a fault in the food.
The Best Korean BBQ in Fullerton. Good place for party.
This place is kinda ridiculously funny. Food is good. And the atmosphere is hilarious with tons of fun and activity and music going off to celebrate people's birthdays and clubby neon lighting. Food is good here, so the other stuff is just funny and entertaining 
This place is great for an ayce place. Came here around 830- 9 and had to wait til 10 before getting a spot.
One of the best kbbq places I've been to.
Great place, reminder call in ahead to see if there a lots of birthday party. Came on a day where there were 15 birthday. It took two hour to get in and seated 
This is the best Korean BBQ place i ve been so far.  Food was very fresh and meat was tender.  I will defintely come back again if i were in the area.