I like to have a lot of toppings on my pizza so this place is heaven for me. 
great thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients. this place works like a subway or chipotle in that you choose your toppings as you walk down a line. good customer service, but there is a rush around dinner time so if youre planning on going during that time, it's smart to order online and pick up your pizza 
I love Pieology, especially this location. I've never had a bad experience here. The only thing that came close was the one time where the line was so long that it went around the restaurant and through the back exit door and I had to wait in line next to the ramen place next door, but that shows how good this place is. I like how you can have your pizza your way. The cinnamon dessert is also something that I highly recommend. The staff here are really courteous and helpful, the atmosphere is very chill, and parking isn't bad at all since it's in a shopping center parking lot. I definitely recommend this place. 
I like these places where everyone can get what they want. It satisfies picky eaters. And no one has to settle. Pieology is great because the toppings are unlimited. Everything was fresh, tasted great and was quickly served to our table. I love the variety of toppings and being able to get something different since it is all yours. No one would eat my all veggie pizza. 
The only complaint is the place is really loud. Chairs that scrape and squawk on a cement floor coupled with loud music and a interior with no noise reduction features, created a meal where you can't talk during the meal when it is busy. And it was busy. We pretty much hurried up and ate, which might be their goal. Get you in and out fast! 
Out of all the make your own pizza place restaurants that have spring up over the last few years, pieology is still my favorite. It doesn't have the most topping options, but the selection is still solid and the pizzas are consistently good. The crust here is also my favorite. My only complaint about this location is that it can sometimes get very loud inside. It makes it hard to hold a conversation. 
I love pieology but this place is just so packed all of the time...
Love this place!   I get what I ask for.  Staff is always friendly and ready to help. More cheese?  Just say when.  More olives? Is this enough.
Always love this place. I can customize my pizza. They also provide wheat for pizza which make my pizza more healthy. 
This place specializes in pizza and they do it really well. So don't go here thinking that their dessert menu is where their strength is at. 
$8 for an unlimited toppings pizza! Awesome value, good food, great customer service. We love this place! 
