I love this place. It has good ramen and the service and prices are fair. Come in during lunch for lunch special. 
This place is always great. The broth is great and rich, the pork is tender, and the staff is super friendly. 
Probably the best Ramen place around. Super Dry Draft is the choice of beer here. 
Sensei approves.  Best place for a quick meal or awesome alcohol.
They have excellent food. This is my favorite ramen place.... i eat here regularly and have not been disappointed. 5/5 would reccomend to anyone... must stop by if youre in fullerton and looking for authentic Japanese food 
Comfort food! Ramen! So good! Small place and a lot of people go here, so waiting time can be 30mis or more before you get seated.  After finishing your food dont stay long because alot of people is waiting to take your seat. I go here late dinner time to avoid crowd. Most of the time i order for to go if there is a line and crowded.. yes they serve alcohol here!
Aka ramen with takoyaki!. Their spicy miso base is really good. This place does get crowded during school year for lunch as it's very close to CSU Fullerton; so be prepared to wait.
Went here with my girlfriend for lunch. We paid $25 for two and were both able to get a nice sized bowl of Shoyu with gyoza and pork fried rice on the side. My girlfriend did the social media challenge was able to get enough likes to get us a free side of noodles, which were greatly appreciated. This place is always crowded but we got lucky and sat at the bar. Service was was and we were in and out within 45 minutes. Definitely the best place for Ramen near CSUF.
Excellent service and excellent food. The Ramen reminds of the time I visited a Shop during a brief visit in Tokyo, Japan.  The Cha Ramen and the creamy, delicious broth continues to be one of my favorites.  I don't have a least favorite with this place as every thing I have eaten at What's Up Men is excellent. 
Good food and environment.  Upbeat atmosphere.  Ramen never disappoints.
The ramen is ok. I think their side dishes or appetizers are better. Place is open late since it's near cal state Fullerton university. The broth is good but not enough cha shu. They serve beer too.
