 clean presentation - and the location was clean with excellent staff. 
 The staff are friendly. 
 helpful and provide great service. 
 The staff was super friendly and helped us decide what we wanted. 
 location and waitstaff that was highly attentive. 
 Friendly staff and very clean place. 
 Friendly staff. 
 Staff is kind and helpful. 
 the service is great and pretty quick for the amount of business they do. 
 The staff was very friendly and helpful. 
 Food was great and service was excellent. 
Let me say that the service at this places de me feel very welcomed. 
 The service was very friendly and we got our food pretty quickly. 
I was two cents short and the young lady gave me real nasty attitude,  if such a problem for them then don't work in fast food.  The food was O. K. and I would go back again.  The fries were fresh after they gave me a small fry instead of the large I ordered, so they had to cook more! So besides the bad customer service by the one female,  it was O. K. 
Very good service. Otherwise, a regular BK.
(Low with staff as well)
Although at certain hours, services can be lacking due to short of staff. 
The service is great. 
The customer service is terrible with an employee and her boyfriend spreading mulch and then going to the counter to take your order and to handle your food. 
 also for the service. 
Clean restaurant fast service
 and yet also claim that they're going to get it fixed next week? When I asked this poor excuse for a manager. 
 she turned her back on me and serviced the drive-thru window. 
 this place has no air-conditioning even though their rude manager. 
The sandwiches were good and service was friendly at the drive thru. 
Service is slow at the drive thru. 
 it was near closing and they were really understaffed. 
  The staff treats you like their doing you a favor. 
 the manager was working and he had my food ready and i came to pick it up and checked my order for accuracy. 
 the cashier rang it up wrong i guess and the manager tarted to be rude to me and started yelling at me. 
 customer service? not good
