 The staff was friendly and helpful. 
 EXTREMELY fast service. 
 Great service. 
Good atmosphere and nice staff. Build your our pizza or salad. Haven't tried their salad but their pizza are good. Fresh ingredients.
Thinking of having a nice, crispy, juicy, healthy, good for your wallet kind of meal?  Well,  Pieology meets all these requirements.  It's like Chipotle for pizza.  First,  you get in line(which can be really long),  and decide how many types of meats or vegetables you want on your pizza, then you can add 1 or 2, heck you can add all the meats and vegetables for the same low  price of $7.50.  The long wait can be daunting, but the speed at which you wait for your food is SERIOUSLY LESS THAN 5 MINUTES!  I timed them, seriously less than 5.  The food is ridiculously good, and the service is awesome too.  
great thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients. this place works like a subway or chipotle in that you choose your toppings as you walk down a line. good customer service, but there is a rush around dinner time so if youre planning on going during that time, it's smart to order online and pick up your pizza 
I love Pieology, especially this location. I've never had a bad experience here. The only thing that came close was the one time where the line was so long that it went around the restaurant and through the back exit door and I had to wait in line next to the ramen place next door, but that shows how good this place is. I like how you can have your pizza your way. The cinnamon dessert is also something that I highly recommend. The staff here are really courteous and helpful, the atmosphere is very chill, and parking isn't bad at all since it's in a shopping center parking lot. I definitely recommend this place. 
Only improvement could be the friendliness of the staff but overall great for a quick pizza bite. 
Love this place!   I get what I ask for.  Staff is always friendly and ready to help. More cheese?  Just say when.  More olives? Is this enough.
Great quick service pizza
Easy, fast, fresh, good quality and great staff!
I love it so much great customer service! Always clean and fast! especially very healthy only pizza I will eat now!
$8 for an unlimited toppings pizza! Awesome value, good food, great customer service. We love this place! 
 no customer service whatsoever to speak of. 
 helpful staff. 
 and manager Alexandria said their other locations may soon be offering it for the summer. 
 Very friendly and upbeat service. 
Service was friendly. 
 they do go by very quickly thanks to the service. 
The manager also came around while my group and I were eating to ask if we needed anything and also told us about their email club. 
 the service was great and kind. 
The service was quick and efficient. 
 the staff is polite. 
 Though once a staff member got annoyed when I asked for BBQ sauce. 
 Great staff and customer service. 
The staff and food here are the best. 
 If the manager reads this please give Gabe a raise. 
Service is quicker than I expected. 
This Fullerton Pieology has always been consistent in its performance (pizza quality has been the same) and its service (the pizzas come out pretty quickly). 
 Great service. 
 and the service was really fast. 
Service is fast. 
I came here a little bit earlier than when it opened which is 11am  and when the manager (assuming) opened the doors. 
 Service is really fast even on a crowded day (been here a few times beforehand already. 
- manager walks the area to ask how everyone is doing
- friendly staff
 Staff was nice and very helpful. 
The service here is always friendly and are very generous on the topping in my opinion. 
The service is awesome as well. 
Staff is very friendly. 
 So freakin' delicious and the service is superb. 
Very friendly staff. 
I was upset enough to complain to a manager. 
 one of the managers were sitting at a table having a pow-wow. 
staff would not acknowledge their negligence and lack of concern. 
 and LACK of priority #1-customer service. 
 Also the condiments were empty and had to ask from the manager. 
The customer service STILL sucks. 
I wish the customer service was better. 
Customer service:  Awesome they are always so sweet and accommodating even when they stare at me like "you really want more toppings?"  YES UNLIMITED IS FREE. 
What the heck did he say? Disastrous? This guy needed to go to SERVICE-OLOGY. 
  My second gripe is that with so much staff around. 
  I would've given this place 4 stars BUT the staff really did make this a 5 star place. 
  The manager cleaned up after previous guests in order for us to take a table in the shade away from the window and spoke to us about our day and the location and we were pleasantly surprised by his friendliness. 
  So for the awesome staff and the good pizza. 
  Thanks to all the staff for their kindness and suggestions on the pizza. 
Fast service? No problem. 
Service: Could be improved--my gripe is that the employees don't always listen to the customer's preferences (my friend actually just wanted ricotta cheese . 
  The Manager stopped by to say hello. 
  The staff is very friendly and efficient. 
the service is quick. 
Friendly staff that seems like they truly enjoy their job
 The staff is just a little below par in the head cheese department. 
Service 3***Star (they finally got it right)
 I seriously pointed at EVERYTHING and the staff member was very patient with me going back and forth in the trays of toppings when I spotted another cool thing to add to my pizza. 
 staff is on the decline. 
It's quick and  friendly service. 
 this location had bad service. 
 I heard Irvine had better service and is more generous with their items. 
Service: 
 I did not care for the service at all. 
 service is PRETTY QUICK. 
 its just all the subtle qualities in the service. 
  Service is pretty good. 
 friendly staff. 
 great service. 
I run customer service based businesses and I would be very upset if my employees treated my customers like that. 
Great service. 
 Pizza and service is still amazing though :)
One good note is that the staff was pleasant and friendly. 
 Staff was friendly except the guy that was on the veggie station. 
SERVICE:
 Self-service for most of everything else after you pay. 
The service was really good. 
~5 Star Service: This place has "Sam the Man. 
 It was his service that will make me come back. 
 some unhappy staff
 The service was good and the pizzas were done pretty quickly. 
