 Great service. 
 Staff at Subway was friendly and fast. 
Attentive staff. 
We have 4 kids and the staff was very patient and efficient when the kids ordered their sandwiches. 
Prompt service. 
 I did this twice and the food was great and service. 
Grabbed lunch here and the manager and staff were really friendly. 
 The staff was very friendly and were neat and quick at making the sandwich. 
We had Subway meals several times during our visit and the staff were friendly and efficient. 
 The staff handled the crowd really well and we didn't have to wait that long. 
It's a decent subway with little not so happy staff. 
 Friendly staff and good food at reasonable prices. 
 The staff was friendly and efficient. 
 Quick service. 
 Service and food were good. 
 Quick service. 
Staff was very personable and quick service. 
The staff were very friendly. 
This location is open 24hours and it has a friendly staff. 
Staff is fantastic ~ getting customers thru at lightning speed. 
The staff were friendly. 
 Place was clean and the staff was nice and friendly. 
 The service was quick and the prices were just like home. 
 Good quick service and regular prices. 
This subway was excellent it saw 24 hours open just across our hotel desert Palm hotels the service was fantastic food was great
 The food was always good and the service (once we hot used to the American way of doing things and the different menu) was always. 
 no problem with service. 
 Get a coupon in a map brochure at the front desk. 
We visited the Subway Sandwich shop and the staff was very polite. 
 this place deserves a mention because it's crazy busy and the service is still efficient and friendly. 
 the quality was as it should have Ben and the staff were fantastic. 
Friendly service and fresh food. 
Only drawback was slow service. 
This is one of the best subways it was next to are hotel which was great and the service was great it was busy . 
 Great service. 
 Staff at Subway was friendly and fast. 
Attentive staff. 
We have 4 kids and the staff was very patient and efficient when the kids ordered their sandwiches. 
Prompt service. 
This place is 24 hours which is great. Service can be a hit or miss depending on what time you go and who is helping you
This is by far the best subway around. Always friendly and fast service, plus fresh ingredients!
Staff was great. 
I feel bad for the staff. 
 the service is ok. 
Polite staff - and they work quickly to move the line if there is one. 
 we didn't have any trouble with the employees so that's always a good thing because customer service is the most important thing to me. 
 and decent service - Ill keep this location as my "go-to" subway. 
Service is inconsistent here. 
 I feel like every time I come in (3x a week minimum) there's new staff. 
The two employees that were working at the store this evening were NOT customer service oriented and really made the entire experience awkward. 
 Usually I get great customer service from this store. 
 the service I received this evening and the lack luster quality of the sandwich has left a negative experience on my mind. 
 I have worked in the customer service and hospitality industry for 10 years and the service I received this evening really was horrendous. 
I have already sent this complaint into Subway via their customer service form: http:. 
frmCustomerService. 
