 The service is quick and you can easily order whatever degree. 
 The service is decent. 
 the service is so-so. 
Excellent food and service. 
Slow Service. 
I definitely recommend this place. I love the spicy beef salad here! The cashew chicken, sweet and sour chicken are also good. love the lunch and dinner specials. Lots of good flavors in their good. Service is usually pretty good.Listen to the other reviews, don't go past a 7 in spiciness. 
Delicious food. Fast service. Lunch specials are perfect for a quick meal on a budget.
Very slow service. Food was pretty good. There are better thai restaurants for the same price elsewhere.
Nice place I've been to a few Thai restaurants and this one had a similar vibe and the feel. Decor uses lots of reds and the staff is nice.
My girls love Thai food.  Their favorite dishes  are Pad Thai and Pad See Ew!  Great service! Food was so flavorful and tasted fresh.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
Never Never Never Going back there... Bad waitress service and not good food. Ordered Green curry and Thai Basil chicken (there was not one basil leaf in my dish). I usually order from across the street but they were closed. Thought I would give Thai Basil a try. When I ordered they told me 20 min. I got there after 30 min, - no one greeted me, infact when I tried to get the waitress attention, she snapped and said hold on. Then she tells me i have to wait another 10 min and when I asked why she got upset and said the lady inside would help me out and walked away. Finally, someone from inside came out and dropped the bag of food on the counter and went back in. Then the same rude waitress came back charged me and said here you go... no "sorry for the wait" or Thank you."  I usually don't give bad reviews, but I found a small piece of wire / plastic in the Thai Basil chicken (i am not sure what it was but definitely not edible.)
I have been a client for over 10 years and have always enjoyed the food.  But lately their service has become poor.  Place the order on the phone and I got scolded for their own mistake.  Also, they have been not very welcoming when I go there with my 2 year who is well behaved.  Probably because I am a vegetarian.  I wish their service will improve.
The food is consistently good and fairly priced. The service is prompt but not friendly.
great food and service
Good service, very good food at reasonable prices.
Good food and service.
Good service and delicious food.  Be sure to look at the "rice plates" section of the menu, which has good stuff that you can order sans rice if you want to -- I had a dish with crispy pork skins that was amazing.  The thick porridge with preserved egg would have been excellent drunk food.
We have been going to Thai Basil for over 12 years now.....say about every ten days on the average. We have never had a bad serving of anything. We have always been treated well by the staff and you have to respect their speed and competency, even when they get very busy. The vegetables are fresh and all their food preparation is excellent, never overcooked.  We call Thai Basil "the  kitchen" because it has become our second kitchen
Great food great service.  We always get take out at least twice a week
An especially favorite here for us locals, come try this restaurant out. Authentic Thai food and great, friendly service. Try the various curries and don't forget to order your lunch or dinner special.
I honestly did like the food, it was delicious and served promptly. However, I only give it 2 stars instead of 4 because of how I was treated. A waitress working there did not acknowledge me, talk to me if she got my order, and when my food was served I was also introduced to the bill. They really gave me the experience of not being wanted. The food gets 4 stars but service gets 2.
Food was good and price is reasonable.  But service is a slow, need to improve on customer service.
Very slow service
I really like this place,Food is really Good, But Bad Service
Great service great food
Excellent food at a reasonable price. Dinner specials are great. Friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. Perfect for a leisurely family meal.
I recently went to famed Chomp restaurant, and the whole time was there I was thinking "Man I wish I was at Thai Basil right now" lol.  Great food match by there Great service.  Me and my girlfriend love eating at this place and always look for reasons to go.Service was terrible today. 
Staff has always been good. 
To start: the staff is awesome. 
Customer service is good. 
Service:
- Good service. 
The service has always been good. 
Customer Service: 5. 
SERVICE
Today service was lacking. 
 and service is delivered often and with a smile. 
 so we know what real Thai food is and are used to excellent service. 
Service is good . 
 I had really great service and then the last time I went the service was really bad (maybe it was because it was busy). 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 service is bad and portion is small. 
 They don't have the best customer service . 
Service was friendly and attentive. 
If service is a little faster and a little more friendly. 
 This place is really busy during dinner and unfortunately it's around that time that service starts to slack a little. 
I'm impressed with how good the service is considering how busy this place gets around dinner. 
 their pick up and online service is amazing too :)
The service is good. 
 The service is definitely a big reason on why this place is as good as it is IMHO. 
The service is quick and the place is very clean. 
 the customer service is HORRIBLE. 
 Seriously some of the RUDEST service I've ever been subjected to. 
Service was good. 
 Only thing was that the wait staff talked a lot and forgot to refill our water more than once. 
The food wasn't that great enough for me to want to come back anymore and the service was terrible. 
  Service was ok and I had nothing to complain about in that area. 
 service was fine. 
It gets pretty packed on Friday evenings so be prepared to wait and have slow service. 
 Staff was super friendly. 
 I asked the lovely staff what menu items are best for hands and take out. 
Friendly service . 
 The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. 
 Between the horrible service and mediocre food this is definitely not on my list to return to. 
With the customer service they have (which is common in most Asian restaurants). 
 Super friendly staff. 
The customer service isn't great. 
Looking at some of the other reviews I'm really surprised to see complaints about the service and the food. 
 as does the chef and staff. 
 though Cal State is only blocks away and a lot of faculty and staff head there for lunch. 
It's a shame because the service was a disappointment (to us at least) and it seems like their portions shrank over the years. 
 Service isn't the best. 
Service:
Typically when I review I compare against other Thai restaurants I've been to and the level of food standard and service. 
 While we were eating the entire staff was standing. 
 The staff is great. 
Service can be a bit lacking as they seemed to be understaffed during peak hours. 
Service: 
 The service is decent. 
 The staff is friendly and quality of food is very tasty. 
The staff is friendly as well. 
The only downfall I can see if the crowds and the service. 
The service here wasn't that great when I went. 
BUT it's okay because I care more about food than service. 
 Service is SO good here. 
 i like the service & the food is consistent and tasty enough to satisfy my thai food cravings. 
 Service was good. 
The customer service was good at first . 
 that sort of preferential service is a bit rude. 
 The service was okay and every time I've gone. 
Service - 4
Friendly service. 
Service was fast and friendly. 
