 Very friendly and happy staff. 
 really fast service. 
I stopped in to get a take out order and was greeted by a friendly staff. 
 service was quick and the staff was very friendly. 
 The service and atmosphere are always great. 
I love this place. It has good ramen and the service and prices are fair. Come in during lunch for lunch special. 
This place is always great. The broth is great and rich, the pork is tender, and the staff is super friendly. 
Service is great
Been going here for years! Great food and service.
Went here with my girlfriend for lunch. We paid $25 for two and were both able to get a nice sized bowl of Shoyu with gyoza and pork fried rice on the side. My girlfriend did the social media challenge was able to get enough likes to get us a free side of noodles, which were greatly appreciated. This place is always crowded but we got lucky and sat at the bar. Service was was and we were in and out within 45 minutes. Definitely the best place for Ramen near CSUF.
Excellent service and excellent food. The Ramen reminds of the time I visited a Shop during a brief visit in Tokyo, Japan.  The Cha Ramen and the creamy, delicious broth continues to be one of my favorites.  I don't have a least favorite with this place as every thing I have eaten at What's Up Men is excellent. 
Outstanding service and food!! Definitely will come back again
Great food here,  and the staff is really nice. 
Great food, good service, but wait for tables can be long
Their seared pork is absolutely amazing and I order it every time. Quick service and attentive staff. Very reasonably priced!  The flavors are quite authentic since most of the staff here are Japanese workers. 
Service is very friendly and the place is very clean. 
 anything---their quality of the service including the speed of taking order and the time until the food comes. 
 we never felt rushed and the staff didn't drop off our checks to hurry us out. 
 At least the price and service was good. 
Service is always quick and attentive. 
Service:
- Nice staff. 
Service was standard. 
 You can tell by the service and the cleanliness of the interior that this restaurant is a labor of love. 
 The service is good. 
 What really knocks down the stars is that the service system is kinda a mess. 
 I don't think the wait staff have designated part or whatever bc they were all over and I guess just assume you had already been served by someone else. 
Service was fantastic at this location. 
 great service. 
 The service here is alright. 
The service was fast and our waiter was nice. 
 The service is actually quite good for how busy they are. 
The Service: Not bad. 
Service was very fast and attentive. 
  Service can definitely be better. 
Great service . 
 friendly staff . 
  Service is very good here. 
 and good service. 
Also the staff were very friendly and the restaurant had an urban charm. 
 Maybe I forgot to ask for an egg? Service was superb. 
 expect service to be slow. 
 great service and great food. 
 the service was great. 
 They were packed and the wait staff was doing there job serving everyone efficiently. 
Service was decent. 
Service: The waitress was friendly and nice. 
 If you want a simple ramen setting with fast service. 
Service was friendly and efficient. 
